Title: 10 Best Quang Binh Must-Try Foods in Quang Binh
URL: https://explorerealasia.com/blog/vietnam/top-attractions/10-best-quang-binh-musttry-foods-in-quang-binh.html

Content:
10 Best Quang Binh Must-Try Foods in Quang Binh Sign in Please log in to continue Forget Your Password Sign in Not registered ? Personal Agency Blog 10 Best Quang Binh Must-Try Foods in Quang Binh Home Blogs Vietnam Top Attractions New Categories New Categories Vietnam Media and Press Travel Information Cuisine Travel Tips Top Attractions Shopping Laos Media and Press Travel Information Cuisine Travel Tips Top Attractions Shopping Cambodia Media and Press Travel Information Cuisine Travel Tips Top Attractions Shopping Myanmar Media and Press Travel Information Cuisine Travel Tips Top Attractions Shopping India Media and Press Travel Information Cuisine Travel Tips Top Attractions Shopping Popular News 8 Souvenirs From Vietnam You Cannot Miss - Explore Real Asia December 05, 2021 Weather in Northern Vietnam: Things you need to know when traveling April 29, 2021 Fruits in Vietnam: 7 fruits that you need to try when travel to Vietnam April 30, 2021 ERA Newsletter - DECEMBER 2023 December 18, 2023 Year of the Dragon 2024 January 28, 2024 11 Best Nha Trang Dishes Top Must-Try Foods in Nha Trang April 28, 2021 10 Best Quang Binh Must-Try Foods in Quang Binh April 28, 2021 Quang Binh - a famous tourist city of Vietnam not only captivates people with its magnificent caves but also attracts many tourists by the appeal of the cuisine. In an article, ERA TOUR will take you to discover Foods in Quang Binh 1 Foods in Quang Binh -Porridge cake soup Porridge cake soup, also known as Banh Canh, soup (snakehead fish, ribs) is one of the delicious dishes, one of the famous specialties of Quang Binh. The Banh Canh is made from fragrant rice flour, soft grains, and pure white, then kneaded into flour, rolled into thin slices and sliced, wave by wave-like noodles. Addresses of some soup shops in Dong Hoi: Suong Hong: 38 Nguyen Trai, Hai Dinh ward, city. Dong Hoi. Ba Hong Restaurant: 51 Nguyen Huu Canh street, City. Dong Hoi. Gia Bao Restaurant: 8 Ly Thuong Kiet, TP. Đồng Hội. 2 Foods in Quang Binh -Oyster porridge Oyster porridge is made from oysters taken from the Nhat Le River. Oysters are pre-sautéed with spices such as onions, chili, pepper, and salt to absorb. When customers order this dish, the shop owner just takes the oysters they make into rice porridge cooked in another pot and cooks a little fire to have a bowl of sweet, fragrant porridge. In Dong Hoi city, you can eat at Thuy Duong or Ms. Nganh, besides the specialty of milk oyster porridge, there is also a very delicious eel. If you want to enjoy a delicious bowl of oyster porridge, you must go to the shops in Quan Hau town about 7km south of Dong Hoi city along National Highway 1A. Addresses of some Quang Binh oyster porridge restaurants: Thuy Duong Restaurant: Phan Boi Chau Street, City. Dong Hoi. Thao Nguyen Restaurant: 18 National Highway 1A, TT. Oyster restaurant, Quang Ninh. 3 Foods in Quang Binh -Copper eel porridge Eel porridge is processed from copper eel, so it ensures freshness, golden fat, chewy meat, and sweet taste after being soaked in meat without being crushed and intact. When eaten, it is sweet and soft with a spicy taste of compresses, chili, pepper, and a little golden sheen of turmeric. It all seems to blend to make dinners unforgettable. In addition to eel porridge, the shops also have eel soup, eel vermicelli, fried eel vermicelli … Addresses of some Quang Binh eel porridge restaurants: Thuy Duong 2 Restaurant: Phan Boi Chau Street, City. Dong Hoi. Ms. Nganh 18 Hoang Dieu Restaurant, Dong Hoi City. 4 Snakehead fish porridge Snakehead fish porridge, also known as snakehead fish soup, is a local daily dish. The dish is quite simple but has a very unique flavor When eating snakehead fish soup, you must choose when it's hot to eat. Depending on the taste of each person, you can add in a bowl of chili powder, chopped onions, peppercorns, and a few rams (rolls). Try a bowl of porridge soup, you will feel the fragrant aroma of the slightly red-brown rice porridge fibers, each piece of fragrant snakehead fish with sweet sweet broth. While eating and rubbing sweat because of the hot peppers, I find it attractive. Addresses of some Quang Binh snakehead fish porridge restaurants: Restaurant 76 Ton Duc Thang, Dong Hoi City Nguyen Thai Hoc street shop next to Nam Ly kindergarten, Dong Hoi city 5 Foods in Quang Binh -Bread flour The filter cake is a culinary product that you should not miss when you come to Quang Binh. There are 2 kinds of filter cake that people here often call leaf filter cake or filter cake. 6 Foods in Quang Binh -Banh Nam When the weather comes, it will be cold in the stomach and crave a plate of hot rice cakes, the cake is attractive because of the softness of rice flour, the rich taste of the sauce in the sauce with the spicy taste of the tongue and the warmth from the cake. Addresses of some delicious banh mi and Banh Nam restaurants in Dong Hoi: Mother Xuan Restaurant: 15 Le Thanh Dong Street, Dong Hoi City. Hoai Huong Restaurant: Le Thanh Dong Street, Dong Hoi City. 7 Foods in Quang Binh -Sweet cake Quang Binh's delight cake at first glance has many similarities with the Southern pancake or the pillowcase of the North, but its taste is very different. When enjoying Quang Binh delicious cake, visitors will feel the warmth mingled with the aroma of rice, the coolness of raw vegetables, the greasy taste of shrimp, meat, and the rich flavor of pork liver sauce. , peanuts. Among the restaurants, Tu Quy's favorite cake is the oldest and most famous. Addresses of some delicious cake restaurants in Dong Hoi: Tu Quy's favorite cake: 17 Co Tam, City. Dong Hoi Tu Quy Garden Restaurant 63 Truong Phap, Dong Hoi City 8 Foods in Quang Binh-Banh Beo Dong Hoi water fern cake, a simple and rustic dish of the people of Quang Binh, is delighting customers from afar every time they have the opportunity to visit this beloved city. Quang Binh land in the past is famous for its traditional and attractive dishes. Here, you can easily enjoy local cuisine to feel more about this land. Accordingly, you can easily find small banh beo shops everywhere. With shrimp lice pancakes right on this sunny and windy land is an interesting and special thing for you to explore in a day not far. Addresses of some delicious Banh Beo restaurants in Dong Hoi: Co Van Restaurant: 82 Le Thanh Dong, Dong Hoi City. Aunt Tiep Restaurant: 27 Le Thanh Dong, City. Dong Hoi. Banh Beo Co: 133 Ngo Gia Tu Street, Dong Hoi city 9 Foods in Quang Binh -Pancakes It is also Xeo cake, but Quang Binh Xeo cake is made of red rice with simple and even floating patterns. Serve with banana fish, salad, raw vegetables, rice cake, and dipping sauce. Pancakes are best eaten when they are finished, they will be eaten wherever they are. Holding the piece of cake in hand, feeling the heat of the brown rice aroma is wonderful. This dish at Ba Don market is the best, but in Dong Hoi you can eat this dish at Nam Ly Market that locals often call Ga Market very simple because it is close to Dong Hoi Station. You can also eat Banh Mi the ceiling, the leaf filter cake or the Nam cake here. 10 Foods in Quang Binh -Son river Fish The famous fish on the Son River such as eel, carp, sesame ... are caught naturally from the Son River or raised in cages, released on the Son River where there is a clean water source; The fish are fed algae, algae and phytoplankton taken from the river bed, so they are no different from wild fish. The white and sweet white Phong Nha fish meat has its taste and is processed into many delicious and nutritious dishes from steaming, um, stew to baking, and has become a "specialty", branded in Phong river region. Nha - Ke Bang. Going to any restaurant in Phong Nha - Ke Bang, diners can order and enjoy the taste of this fish dish. Besides, do not forget to enjoy the delicious specialties here such as river shrimp, stream fish, garden chicken, pork, venison, bamboo shoots, pickles …