Title: 12 Best Ha Giang Foods | IZITOUR
URL: https://izitour.com/en/blog/ha-giang-food

Content:
12 Best Ha Giang Foods | IZITOUR Home Blog Place to go Ha Giang 12 Best Ha Giang Foods By Ngoc Tu Dinh - November 23, 2023 View: 25 Comment: 0 Latest Update: 0 In addition to the majestic and romantic landscape, Ha Giang is also very famous for its traditional dishes. These Ha Giang Foods are considered the typical foods of the Northern region that every tourist must try. Table of Content [ Hide ] 1. White Corn Flour Cake (Bánh Bả Trắng) 2. Five Coloured Sticky Rice 3. Cornmeal Dumplings 4. Thang Den Ha Giang 5. Steamed Rolled Rice Pancake 6. Hunched Chung Cake 7. Chinese Water Caltrop Porridge 8. Mint Honey 9. Black Chicken Hotpot 10. Ha Giang Leaf Mustard 11. Steamed Ramie Cake 12. Buckwheat Cake 1. White Corn Flour Cake (Bánh Bả Trắng) White Corn Flour Cake Markets in the rocky plateau always reserve a corner for sellers of charcoal-grilled white cakes. This is a typical, familiar image at every market in Ha Giang. The cake is made from fermented corn flour, soft and spongy, with a slightly sour taste, often served with Thang Co or meat soups. 2. Five Coloured Sticky Rice Five-color sticky rice is made up of five different colors: red, yellow, blue, purple, and white. Ingredients for making five-color sticky rice are fragrant glutinous rice, with unadulterated grains, mixed with forest leaves to dye. Five Coloured Sticky Rice For the red color, people use gac fruit/sweet gourd and red rice leaves. For green color, people use ginger leaves, or green sticky rice leaves, or they burn grapefruit peels, and bitter bamboo shoot peels to ash and soak them in water mixed with a little lime. For yellow color, they grind old turmeric root to get the juice. For purple color, they use black rice leaves. Before dyeing the sticky rice, sticky rice must be washed and soaked in plain water for 6 to 8 hours. 3. Cornmeal Dumplings Cornmeal Dumplings Cornmeal dumplings are vegetarian dumplings that look like bread on the outside but are made of cornmeal. The cake has a light and sweet taste. 4. Thang Den Ha Giang Thang Den Thang Den is made from sticky rice flour and can be filled with bean paste. It is a bit like the Chinese soup ball in Hanoi but has many colors. Each of the Thang Den balls is bigger than a finger, placed in a bowl of sweet sugar water with coconut milk and ginger, creating a fragrant, fatty, and spicy flavor that is perfect for cold days. 5. Steamed Rolled Rice Pancake Steamed Rolled Rice Pancake Steamed Rolled Rice Pancake is a breakfast dish filled with wood ear mushrooms, minced meat, and eggs served with soup/broth, served in a bowl with fragrant pork patties, chopped cilantro green onions. The broth’s flavor comes from the stewed bones, with an irresistible aroma of onions. People also read: Top 16 Must-do Activities in Ha Giang 6. Hunched Chung Cake Hunched Chung Cake Hunched Chung Cake is a specialty of Ha Giang wrapped by hand; the crust is green or black depending on the type of rice. For green cakes, the rice is mixed with galangal leaf, while the black rice is used for black cakes. The filling of the cake contains both lean meat and fat. The cakes are packed daily by several families in Ha Giang City but must be ordered in advance. Each cake costs around 17,000 VND. 7. Chinese Water Caltrop Porridge This type of porridge is cooked from upland sticky rice, pig's feet, and water caltrop root. People take the roots home, wash them, soak them in rice water for one night, then simmer for about 4 hours until they become soft and crumbly. Then they mix the meat with rice and cook it in pig's feet broth. The porridge has the bitter taste of Chinese water caltrop. Chinese Water Caltrop Porridge According to locals, the Chinese water caltrop must be cleaned carefully and simmered because of its toxicity. However, when done nicely, this plant can be used as a cure for joint pain and hangovers. 8. Mint Honey Mint Honey This type of honey is usually harvested in September and December of the lunar calendar. Passing through tourist destinations such as Quan Ba , Dong Van , and Meo Vac , visitors can easily encounter beekeeping shacks exploiting honey on the spot. Ha Giang Mint honey is lemon yellow in color, deeply fragrant, sweet, and refreshing, just like mint. 9. Black Chicken Hotpot Black Chicken Hotpot Black chicken is a rare specialty chicken breed of the Northwest mountains that has high nutritional content. The special feature of black chicken hot pot is that it is served with a combination of buckwheat vegetables, mustard greens, and peas... making the taste of the broth sweeter. 10. Ha Giang Leaf Mustard In the northern mountainous provinces, during the fall and winter, the weather is suitable for growing leaf mustard. Mustard plants at this time are often less susceptible to pests and diseases due to the cold. Ha Giang Leaf Mustard The plants that grow from the rocky plateau always have a mild sweetness and are not too bitter. Leaf mustard is planted around houses and along highways. Each bunch of vegetables sold here ranges from 3,000 to 5,000 VND. 11. Steamed Ramie Cake Steamed Ramie Cake This Ha Giang cake uses traditional ingredients like those in the lowlands such as sticky rice, ramie leaves, and green beans... the only difference is the way the cake is wrapped with wild banana leaves to enhance the toughness. This is a typical cake of Tan Quang commune, Bac Quang district, Ha Giang. 12. Buckwheat Cake Buckwheat cake is a typical cake of the Mong people in the Stone Plateau and the iconic dish of Ha Giang food . The process of making this cake has many stages: first, the harvested buckwheat seeds are dried, then ground until smooth, then the flour is mixed with water, and then molded into flat round cakes. Buckwheat Cake The cake is then steamed on the stove for about 10 minutes. The final product has a fragrant, slightly sweet, and gritty taste. See more articles on this topic: >> The Best Things about Na Thac, Khuoi My, and Lung Vai villages in Ha Giang >> Ha Giang Loop Vietnam: A Scenic Route Not To Be Missed >> The Mysterious Hmong King Palace in Ha Giang >> The 7 Ethnic Minority Groups in Ha Giang Rate this post 5 /5 - ( 3 Vote) Share Ngoc Tu Dinh Travel Expert I'm Ngoc Tu Dinh, a local travel expert from Ninh Binh Province, Vietnam. Exploring Vietnam has been my passion for years, and I've spent 10 years as a tour guide throughout Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia. I hope that my understanding of Vietnamese culture, allow me to offer a unique perspective in this blog.
Currently, I am based at IZITOUR. If you're planning a trip to Vietnam, I'm here to help you make the most of it! Feel free to leave your comments at the end of the article. Your feedback is important, and I look forward to responding to you. Write Comment Your Comment First name Last name Email Nationality -Choose Nationality- Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (The Democratic Republic) Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Korea (Democratic People's Republic) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia (The Former Yugoslav Republic) Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia (Federated States) Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of Moldova Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania (United Republic) Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Send Other articles Meo Vac Ha Giang - Complete Travel Guide 15 Best Things to Do in Ha Giang - The Essential Travel Guide The Best Things about Na Thac, Khuoi My, and Lung Vai villages in Ha Giang Sung La Valley - The Flower Amidst Dong Van Karst Plateau The Serenity of Tha Village in Ha Giang Pho Bang Town - The Ancient Town in the Northeast Mountain of Vietnam Ma Pi Leng Pass – Vietnam’s Most Scenic Mountain Road The Mysterious Hmong King Palace in Ha Giang The Charm of Hoang Su Phi's People and Terraced Field Plan your trip Plan your trip to Vietnam Getting to Vietnam Best time to visit Vietnam Visa Requirement to Vietnam Getting Around Vietnam Health & Safety in Vietnam Top thing to do in Vietnam Trip Ideas to Vietnam Plan your trip to Laos Getting to Laos Best time to visit Laos Visa Requirement to Laos Getting Around Laos Health & Safety in Laos Top thing to do in Laos Trip Ideas to Laos Plan your trip to Cambodia Getting to Cambodia Best time to visit Cambodia Visa Requirement to Cambodia Getting Around Cambodia Health & Safety in Cambodia Top thing to do in Cambodia Trip Ideas to Cambodia Place to go Northern Vietnam Quan Lan Island Bac Kan Huu Lung Quang Ninh Hung Yen Bac Ninh Hanoi Halong Mai Chau Ninh Binh Pu Luong Sapa Nam Dinh Bac Ha Dien Bien Phu Lai Chau Lao Cai Mu Cang Chai Nghia Lo Ha Giang Ba Be Bac Son Bao Lac Cao Bang Dong Van Central Vietnam Hoi An Da Nang Hue My Son Phong Nha Quang Tri Da Lat Daklak Buon Ma Thuot Kon Tum Pleiku Nha Trang Quy Nhon Southern Vietnam An Giang Vinh Long Ho Chi Minh City (Saigon) Ben Tre Cai Be Can Tho Chau Doc Dong Thap Ha Tien town Long Xuyen Sa Dec Tra Vinh Con Dao Island Mui Ne Phu Quoc Island Vung Tau Laos Boualapha (Bualapha) Nam Kat Khammouane Attapeu Vientiane Xieng Khouang Luang Prabang Houphan Nam Nerm Safari Viengthong Pakse Vang Vieng Sayabouly Bolikhamxay Cambodia Kampong Thom Battambang Siem Reap Kampong Cham Sihanoukville Koh Rong Saloem Koh Trong Pursat Mondulkiri Koh Rong Phnom Penh Online Support SMS/call/WhatsApp +84 382 536 266 Email [email protected] Skype ID: Mr.Hung Vietnam package tours Northern Vietnam Tours Central Vietnam Tours Southern Vietnam Tours Last comments Are there any other war-related sites in Ho Chi Minh City that complement the museum visit? Which handicraft makes the best gift for someone who’s never been to Vietnam? Are there any workshops where tourists can try making incense or weaving brocade themselves? Hi! I'm planning to visit Halong Bay in August. Is it still safe and pleasant to go kayaking during the rainy season? Is it possible to combine a visit to Cuc Phuong with a trip to Tam Coc or Trang An in one day? Show More Your Local Expert for Vietnam and Asia Tours. 5th Floor, 62 Yen Phu Street, Truc Bach Ward, Ba Dinh District, Hanoi, Vietnam.. +84 382 536 266 (Whatsapp) [email protected] www.izitour.com About us About us Our team Site map Contact us Recruitment Before the trips Legal license Privacy policy & Cookies Terms & Conditions Destinations Sapa Phu Quoc island Halong Hue Hanoi Danang Nhatrang Phong Nha Luang Prabang Vientiane Xieng Khuang Vang Vieng Pakse Battambang Siem Reap Kompong Cham Koh Rong Sihanoukville Koh Rong Saloem Phnom Penh Tour operator license no. 01-2225/2023 /TCDL-GP LHQT Subscribe to our newsletter Send to sitemap.html Copyright 2018 - 2025 IZITOUR.com Rss