Title: Top 10 Dong Thap delicious specialties must try
URL: https://vietnamreviewer.com/top-10-dong-thap-delicious-specialties/

Content:
Top 10 Dong Thap delicious specialties must try Skip to content What to eat Top 10 Dong Thap delicious specialties must try Posted on by Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Shares Referring to Dong Thap, visitors will immediately think of the vast lotus fields emitting fragrant aromas and peaceful, poetic scenery that few places can compare. With a system of interlaced canals and dense rivers, it has created a multi-ecological area, with abundant products, rich food, and food sources. Not only bringing impressive tours but “pink lotus land” Dong Thap also attracts visitors with rustic but delicious local specialties. These are the top 10+ Dong Thap delicious specialties that you must try when traveling here! Table of Contents Toggle Top 10 + delicious specialties Dong Thap must try Lotus dishes Dong Thap Muoi is low-lying land, but it is suitable for plants that live in the mud and rise above the water. On their way to reclaiming land, the people of Dong Thap were gifted lotus plants by nature and they knew how to take advantage of the lotus plant from its beauty to its medicinal and culinary uses. The cuisine from Lotus is extremely attractive and diverse. From lotus root to lotus seed, lotus heart, lotus leaf can be used to create many dishes with an unforgettable attractive taste good for health. Discover the Best Food in Ha Long Bay: A Culinary Journey The Ultimate Guide to Xoi Yen Hanoi: Discover the Famous Vietnamese Sticky Rice Delicacy Top 7 places to eat the best hotpots in Cao Lanh Top 5 best family restaurants in Vung Tau City Top 5 best-grilled chicken restaurants in Vung Tau Lotus salad The first typical example is lotus root salad. After being washed and cut, the lotus root will be mixed with spices such as lemon, sugar, fish sauce, chili, and a few herbs. When the lotus root has absorbed the spices, people begin to shred the boiled chicken and mix it together. Lotus root salad mixed with shredded chicken has the best taste. Sour and sour salad, sweet and spicy, add the toughness and sweetness of chicken when eaten, you can add a little fish sauce that is ready to taste. Lotus salad When eating these specialties, Dong Thap people often sip a few glasses of Hong Sen wine. This is a unique wine only in Dong Thap, the wine is marinated with lotus petals and pistils about 6-8 months before being used. When enjoying it, people can’t forget the pungent taste of the wine. The scent of lotus flowers warms the heart. Lotus seed rice Lotus seeds are peeled, pistil removed, and boiled until cooked. Ordinary rice uses lotus seed broth to cook until just cooked, then mix boiled lotus seeds with rice, cover the pot to get steam for about 5-10 minutes, then put on a plate to eat like white rice. With this rice dish, people can enjoy the sweetness of rice, the fleshy taste of lotus seeds and promote the benefits of lotus seeds to help cool the body. Lotus seed rice Dragon blood rice with Lotus leaf Rice wrapped in lotus leaves is one of the dishes that only Dong Thap has and is incomparably delicious. Rice is cooked with dragon blood rice (a kind of small, clear, elongated, and red-grained rice). Lotus leaves, choose really old and big leaves, wash them to turn the green leaves upside down, put in cooked brown rice, then wrap and turn the lotus leaves upside down to prevent the heat from escaping. With this dish, people enjoy feeling the fat and sweet taste of dragon blood rice. The rice is brewed in lotus leaves, so it is very warm and has a faint aroma of lotus leaves due to the heat of the rice. Dragon blood rice with Lotus leaf Grilled snakehead fish wrapped in young lotus leaves Grilled snakehead fish is a typical rustic dish of the Southwest River region. This dish is associated with the process of reclaiming and opening the southern land of the Vietnamese people. Variations from grilled snakehead fish, people in Dong Thap Muoi use more young lotus leaves to create a specialty dish with a rustic name, which is grilled snakehead fish wrapped in young lotus leaves. Grilled snakehead fish wrapped in young lotus leaves The fish is grilled whole, keeping the entrails. After grilling, the fish is halved along the spine and sprinkled on the green onions over boiling oil and a little peanut,… The sauce is made from fish sauce of unripe fish and tamarind, seasoned with a little spice, garlic, and chili. so that it has the salty, aromatic taste of the original fish sauce, the sour taste of tamarind, the sweetness of sugar, and the spiciness of chili. Picking up a piece of snakehead fish rolled with young lotus leaves and accompanying dishes, dipping it with tamarind fish sauce, diners can fully feel the sour, acrid, salty, sweet taste… Snakehead fish skin is both fatty and crispy, and the fish’s meat is sweet and fragrant. Bui, mild bitter fish intestine, mild acrid taste of young lotus leaves, the faint scent of lotus, making it difficult for diners to resist. In addition, the end of the meal is a dessert with coconut milk lotus tea which has a laxative effect to cool the body, or boiled lotus seeds, or roasted lotus seeds. In particular, you can enjoy lotus milk – a drink made from the milk of young lotus seeds combined with pure fresh milk, purified water, and sugar. This drink is cooled before drinking, so it can instantly quench thirst and cool down the body in the long run due to the laxative properties of young lotus seeds. Sa Dec noodle soup Hu Tieu is one of the famous and popular specialty dishes of Sa Dec. Sa Dec noodle soup has soft fibers, is not friable, is not chewy, and is milky white in color. In particular, the broth is very fragrant, and sweet but not too greasy. When the customer calls, the chef will put the noodles in the bowl, sprinkle some minced lean meat, golden spring rolls, heart, liver, etc., along with finely chopped green onions and cilantro, and then add the broth. Sa Dec noodle soup Each portion of noodle soup is served with a plate of spring rolls, waffles, raw vegetables, soy sauce, sliced buffalo horn pepper, and soaked in vinegar. When eating, diners mix all the ingredients and then slowly enjoy, they will feel the wonderful taste of Sa Dec noodle soup. In addition, do not miss the unique and strange dry noodle dish. Sa Dec silkworm cake For diners who have the opportunity to come to Sa Dec land without enjoying Sa Dec silkworm cake, it is a shortcoming and also a big loss for you. Silkworm cake with large and soft silkworm cake is shredded, finely chopped, shumai, raw vegetables, especially sweet and fatty coconut milk on top. Silkworm cake is eaten with sweet and sour fish sauce and chewy sour food with herbs. Sa Dec silkworm cake Folk cakes of Sa Dec Flour Village Not only is the land of ornamental flowers of the Mekong Delta, but Sa Dec City is also famous for its 100-year-old traditional rice flour-making village. Located on the peaceful Sa Giang river, the products of Sa Dec flour village are not only consumed domestically but also exported to foreign countries thanks to their superior quality and unique distinctive flavor that is unmatched anywhere else. Visiting Sa Dec flour village, you remember to enjoy the famous Southern folk cakes made from Sa Dec flour such as sweet cakes, savory cakes such as banana cake, jackfruit leaf cake, little bare cake, sweet tooth cake, and cake. beef, castor cake, tet cake, silkworm cake, Banh Xeo,… Folk cakes of Sa Dec Flour Village Snail hanging kitchen truss This dish is made from snails. The captured snails are brought home, washed, stored in a bamboo woven basket, and hung high on the kitchen rig; For 4-5 months, snails are still alive, every day when cooking smoked rice in a basket containing snails, the snails will smell the smoke, which is satisfactory. Snail hanging kitchen truss The dish of snails hanging on the kitchen rig must be enjoyed slowly to enjoy the soft and greasy taste of snails, the spicy taste of chili, and the strong aroma of lemongrass. All blended together into an indescribably attractive flavor. Those who have ever tried the dish of snails hanging from the kitchen rack will forever remember its characteristic flavor. Nem Lai Vung Nem Lai Vung is one of Dong Thap’s specialties with a very special taste. Nem Lai Vung has both the sweet taste of fresh meat, the sweet and sour taste of bamboo leaves, and the bitter taste of green chili peppers. So many flavors mixed together in the small spring rolls, making anyone who has ever enjoyed this special dish unforgettable. Nem Lai Vung If you have the opportunity to come to Dong Thap, don’t forget to stop by the spring rolls village to buy Lai Vung spring rolls as gifts for people at your house! Also, don’t forget to taste a delicious spring roll here yourself to see the impressive flavor encapsulated in the pretty little spring rolls. Pink Tangerine Lai Vung Lai Vung mandarin is famous for its delicious taste, and beautiful bright orange-pink color. Specialty tangerine with thin skin, few seeds, faint but attractive aroma, sweet and sour taste, never boring. Pink Tangerine Lai Vung Sa Giang shrimp puff pastry Sa Giang shrimp puff pastry is an attractive specialty known not only at home and abroad. This dish is made from flour, minced shrimp meat with a little crushed pepper. Sa Giang shrimp puff pastry is chewy, crispy, and spongy. Sa Giang shrimp puff pastry Delicious dishes in the floating season The flood season not only brings alluvium to fill the fields but also brings back many products so the process of adapting people to that natural environment creates the unique culinary culture of this land. There are many delicious dishes: Ca Linh Fish and River Hemp Flower The period from September to the end of November is the floating season in Dong Thap and also the breeding season of wild fish, the season of yellow poplar bloom along the rivers. Ca Linh Fish and River Hemp Flower are specialties of the floating season of Dong Thap, locals often use them to process many attractive dishes, in which delicious specialties are attractive such as fried shrimp and salad. River Hemp Flower , Linh fish cooked with sour soup, Linh braised fish… and the most famous dish when Dong Thap is in high water season is Ca Linh Fish and River Hemp Flower hot pot. River Hemp Flower According to the experience of eating delicious and cheap when traveling to Dong Thap in the floating season, the best hotpot is at the beginning of the floating season, because at this time, the spirit fish is not quite big yet, so the bones are very soft, the meat is sweet, the belly is sweet. It has a bit of fat, so it’s delicious and greasy. In particular, the early season’s wild bougainvillea is also more fragrant, fleshy, and crunchy than other times. The combination of Linh fish and Dandelion flower will bring a delicious, cool, and strange taste that no other hot pot dish you have ever eaten has. Ca Linh Fish and River Hemp Flower Served with famous specialties that must be eaten once when traveling to Dong Thap in this floating season are fresh vermicelli, white rice, chili sauce, and some other typical vegetables. In addition, do not forget to enjoy Dong Thap’s special copper crab hot pot. Water lily with fish sauce It would be a big omission not to mention braised fish sauce because it is the fullest expression of the local characteristics and bold Southern style when in this dish most of the natural products are present here. from fish, eel, etc., stocked with Sap fish sauce or Linh fish sauce, served with natural vegetables such as bitter vegetables, three aspects, humpbacks, giants, vegetables,… especially water lily and shallots. Water is indispensable. Dishes from copper frogs The West of the flood season has brought Dong Thap a lot of delicious rustic dishes, including delicious dishes from copper frogs such as fried frogs with butter, fried frogs with coconut milk, grilled frogs with lemongrass, and chili, or cooked. frog porridge,… Dishes from copper frogs Frogs in the flood season in Dong Thap are very big and fat, and their thighs are stretchy, and firm. When processed into food, it is often very fragrant, delicious, and attractive. Therefore, the copper frog is always one of the typical and attractive rustic dishes, so try to eat it once when traveling to Dong Thap in the floating season. Rotating field mouse Referring to the delicious specialties that cannot be missed when traveling to Dong Thap in the floating season, you can’t miss the Cao Lanh gyro. Rotating field mouse After each harvest season, people in the Cao Lanh area start hunting fat mice because they eat a lot of rice to process them into many different dishes such as stir-fried rats, torn milling, greasy rat, boiled rice, and stir-fried. lemongrass and chili wrapped with raw vegetables and rice paper…but the most delicious and famous dish is still the rat roll dish. When you taste a piece of hamster meat with crispy skin, tender meat, fragrant and rich like deer meat, you will know why this is one of the famous specialties of Dong Thap that cannot be missed. Related Article: Discover Can Tho with top 10 famous tourist destinations Above are the delicacies of Dong Thap specialties, hoping to help visitors easily find their favorite dishes during their visit to the Western region. You should travel to Dong Thap to enjoy delicious and rustic dishes in the vast, wild space of the people going to open the land of the South. Wish you and your family a happy trip. If you have any feedback or need help, please send an email to vietnamreviewer.contact@gmail.com ! Rate this post Để lại một bình luận Hủy Email của bạn sẽ không được hiển thị công khai. Các trường bắt buộc được đánh dấu * Bình luận * Tên * Email * Trang web Lưu tên của tôi, email, và trang web trong trình duyệt này cho lần bình luận kế tiếp của tôi. Booking.com Related Posts Top 10 most beautiful view cafes in Ninh Binh Top 5 most delicious and quality beef noodle shops in Dong Nai Top 6 delicious fish noodle shops in An Giang Top 12 Best Broken Rice Restaurants in Vung Tau Top 6 places to eat the most delicious and quality seafood buffet in Da Nang Top 10 delicious snacks in Da Nang that you should try once Top 5 best rice restaurants in Thai Binh Province Home Where to go Place to stay What to eat How to get Thing to know Local tour Visas for Vietnam WooCommerce not Found Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest StumbleUpon Tumblr Blogger Myspace Delicious Yahoo Mail Gmail Newsvine Digg FriendFeed Buffer Reddit VKontakte Pin It on Pinterest