Title: The Best Quang Ninh Travel Guide & Things To Do | ORIGIN VIETNAM
URL: https://www.originvietnam.com/destinations/quang-ninh/

Content:
The Best Quang Ninh Travel Guide & Things To Do | ORIGIN VIETNAM Skip to content Duyen Duyen's keen on travelling and exploring new places. By travelling, she get better at comfortable. It opens up the knowledge door for her as well. Quang Ninh is the leading tourist “holy land” in Vietnam. Not only does it own Ha Long Bay – the first world heritage site in Vietnam recognized by UNESCO, Quang Ninh is also considered a “miniature Vietnam” when converging all natural elements. It has both seas, islands, mountains and plains with turmeric check-in corners. Each destination here has a unique attraction that is hard to resist, let’s explore this amazing place with Origin Vietnam. Table of Contents Quang Ninh Travel Guide All things need to know before travelling to Quang Ninh Quang Ninh is the leading tourist “holy land” in Vietnam. Not only does it own Ha Long Bay – the first world heritage site in Vietnam recognized by UNESCO, Quang Ninh is also considered a “miniature Vietnam” when converging all natural elements. It has both seas, islands, mountains and plains with turmeric check-in corners. Each destination here has a unique attraction that is hard to resist, let’s explore this amazing place with Origin Vietnam. Table of Contents 1. Where is Quang Ninh? Quang Ninh is a province in the Northeast region of Vietnam. It is about 45 km northeast of Hai Phong city and about 160 km east of Hanoi capital. With geographical location: The North borders the Guangxi autonomous region of China. The East borders the Gulf of Tonkin. The South borders Hai Phong city and the Gulf of Tonkin. The West borders Hai Duong province, Bac Giang province and Lang Son province. 2. How is Quang Ninh unique? Quang Ninh is considered a “miniature Vietnam”, with a variety of terrain types from plains, mountains, coastal areas, etc. It is a mountainous and midland province located in the coastal region. With more than 80% of its land are hills and mountains. Among them, there are more than 2,000 large and small limestone islands floating on the sea surface.

In particular, this place also has Ha Long Bay – a World Natural Heritage recognized by UNESCO . When coming to Ha Long , you will have the opportunity to admire the extremely spectacular landscape. It mades up of more than 1,900 different limestone rocks and many mysterious caves.

Not stopping there, Quang Ninh is also the land that owns the two largest amusement parks in Southeast Asia. They are Typhoon Water Park and Dragon Park . At these two parks, there are many exciting experiences waiting for you. Such as Asia’s longest 1.1km roller coaster and more than 12 water games for all ages. 3. When is the best time to visit Quang Ninh? Quang Ninh has 4 distinct seasons a year, typical weather patterns of northern provinces. However, this place also has its own characteristics of a coastal mountainous province. Specifically, in the archipelago area of ​​ Van Don and Co To districts… The weather will be a little different. Furthermore, Quang Ninh is also located in a tropical climate zone. So summer will be hot and humid with lots of rain, while winter will be cold and with little rain.

According to the Quang Ninh travel experience of many tourists. F rom September to April next year is the best time to travel to Quang Ninh. Because at this time the sea is beautiful, clear, and the weather is cool, fresh, and pleasant,…This is the ideal time to explore and experience fun activities under the sea. Such as diving to see coral, luxury yachts,…

Furthermore, this is also the time in Quang Ninh where many outstanding cultural activities take place. Such as Ha Long – Quang Ninh Tourism Week, summer music, Yen Tu festival,… 4. How to get to Quang Ninh? 4.1 Means of transports to get to Quang Ninh 4.1.1 By plane Airplanes are the most convenient and fastest means of transportation. For people who live in the central or southern provinces of Vietnam when traveling to Quang Ninh. Note, during peak tourism times in Quang Ninh, you should book air tickets at least 1 month in advance to get good prices. And avoid running out of tickets. 4.1.2 By train For tourists who want to save money and see the scenery along the way when traveling to Quang Ninh. The train is the appropriate means of transportation. However, there are few support trains to Uong Bi station, Quang Ninh. So if you want to take the train to Quang Ninh, you need to carefully study the relevant information. 4.1.3 Passenger cars Passenger cars are also a means of transport that are not too expensive, but if your health is not good or you suffer from motion sickness, you should not choose this type of vehicle. There are many bus routes from other provinces to Quang Ninh with different prices depending on the distance from the departure point to here. 4.1.4 By personal vehicle For tourists in neighboring provinces, traveling by motorbike to Quang Ninh is also a very interesting experience. You can be proactive in your schedule and can stop anywhere to admire the scenery.

Because it is self-sufficient travel, you need to bring a map or use Google Maps to look up the itinerary quickly and accurately. You also need to make sure you have good driving skills and check your vehicle carefully before departing. In particular, you must comply with traffic safety principles to ensure the safety of your trip. 4.2. Means of transportation in Quang Ninh 4.2.1 By bus Buses are an economical form of transportation, but currently in Quang Ninh there are only 7 bus routes operating. Therefore, you need to look up specific bus routes in advance to know which bus routes pass through tourist destinations. For example, bus route 01 Bai Chay – Cai Rong will take tourists to the address where they can rent a speedboat to go to the islands. 4.2.2 By taxi Choosing a taxi to travel in Quang Ninh will help you save a lot of time, while also being comfortable and having private space. However, taxi fares are quite high, so if you use this vehicle regularly, you will spend a significant amount of money. 4.2.3 By motorbike The cost of renting a motorbike in Quang Ninh is very affordable, only from 100,000 – 200,000 VND/day/motorcycle. So this is the ideal means of transport for those who are passionate about freely traveling and exploring places in Quang Ninh. 5. Sightseeings in Quang Ninh 5.1 Ha Long Bay – a natural wonder of the world Becoming one of the 7 natural wonders of the world recognized by UNESCO, Ha Long Bay is an extremely attractive tourist destination in Quang Ninh . Traveling to HaLong Bay, you will have the opportunity to admire the majestic natural picture with more than 1,900 large and small limestone islands and interesting caves. In addition, taking a seaplane or spending the night on a cruise on the Bay are also interesting experiences that tourists should try when coming to HaLong Bay. 5.2 Tuan Chau Peninsula Only about a 20-minute drive from Bai Chay tourist area, Tuan Chau peninsula is home to a modern artificial beach that brings attractive experiences to visitors. In addition, there are also extremely unique dolphin shows and water music, suitable for families with young children to visit and entertain. 5.3 Ha Long Flower Park Located on Le Thanh Tong street, right next to the beautiful beach, Ha Long flower park is a Quang Ninh tourist destination that attracts tourists with many exciting events. Here, you can freely admire the rich diversity of flowers in the exhibition area. Or participate in outdoor entertainment games or immerse yourself in the romantic atmosphere of music nights on weekends. 5.4 Bai Tho Mountain If you have come to Ha Long, you should definitely try to explore Bai Tho Mountain . It is a beautiful limestone mountain in Ha Long city, Quang Ninh province. The reason the mountain is called Poem is because on the mountain there are still preserved poems in Chinese by King Le Thanh Tong engraved on rock in 1468 and by Trinh Cuong in 1729.

To reach the top of Bai Tho mountain, you need to go through a steep and tiring climb, so prepare a pair of comfortable sneakers to avoid foot pain. But once you reach the top, all your fatigue will disappear because from here you can fully see the entire Ha Long Bay. 5.5 Quang Ninh Museum Quang Ninh Museum is a “virtual living” place that is very familiar to Vietnamese youth. This is a Quang Ninh tourist destination built with ideas from coal images and unique architectural art. Quang Ninh Museum is currently displaying exhibitions about Vietnamese culture, history and nature. 5.6 Bai Chay Beach Bai Chay Quang Ninh is a 1km long artificial beach, which has a large space with fine white sand and clear blue water. This is a Quang Ninh tourist address that is very suitable for swimming, sunbathing, organizing team building or exciting beach games such as kayaking, visiting caves, visiting floating villages and scuba diving. 5.7 Ha Long Ancient Town Ha Long Old Town, also known as Bai Chay Old Town, perfectly recreates the unique beauty and characteristics of Hoi An ancient town as well as Hanoi old town. Here, visitors can walk around the streets with ancient and ancient architectural works on both sides. If you are looking for a peaceful and relaxing tourist destination in Quang Ninh , Ha Long ancient town is the most accurate answer. 5.8 Japanese-style mineral spring area – Yoko Onsen Quang Hanh Yoko Onsen Quang Hanh is not only a mineral spring area but also a Quang Ninh tourist destination with a complex of attractive resort, therapy and entertainment services in Quang Ninh. Yoko Onsen Quang Hanh stands out with its Japanese-style architecture and majestic natural mountain landscape. Attractive and interesting services here include an outdoor bath, traditional Hinoki sauna, Himalayan salt room, cold snow room,… 5.9 HaLong Night Market When traveling to Quang Ninh, you cannot miss the bustling atmosphere when the streets light up at HaLong night market. There are more than 300 different large and small stalls here with a full range of items from fashion, souvenirs to local specialties. 5.10 Quan Lan Island – pristine and peaceful sea Belonging to Van Don district, Quan Lan island is one of the islands that still retains its wild and peaceful features to this day. Coming here to have fun, visitors can freely explore 3 beaches: Quan Lan, Minh Chau and Son Hao. The most prominent is the tourist destination Minh Chau beach, which brings a feeling of tranquility and relaxation to visitors. 5.11 Co To Island Co To Island not only has a captivating clear blue beach, but also has many entertainment activities at quite cheap prices. In addition to taking virtual photos, visitors to Co To can also rent bicycles, motorbikes or tuk tuk to explore surrounding locations such as Cau My rock beach, Co To church, and the road of love. , Uncle Ho statue and watch the sunset from the lighthouse location. 5.12 Van Don Van Don is a Quang Ninh tourist area only about 4 hours drive from Hanoi. This place has forests, sea and many small islands scattered around, embracing Bai Tu Long Bay. Not only has the wild and majestic scenery, Van Don is also an ideal place for tourists who love food. Famous dishes here include sea worms, snails, sea worms, geoduck,… 5.13 Tra Co Beach When traveling to Quang Ninh, it is impossible not to visit the Northeast point of the Vietnam – Tra Co Mong Cai. In particular, Tra Co beach, more than 17 km long, is the longest beach in Vietnam. From here, you can visit famous landmarks such as Tra Co church, Tra Co communal house or participate in the Tra Co communal house festival held at the end of May and early June every year. 5.14 Cam Pha tourist area Dubbed the “Coal City”, Cam Pha tourist area is famous for its artificial beaches and attractive new tourist areas. Some interesting Cam Pha tourist areas include Quang Hong, Luong Ngoc artificial beaches, Vung Duc tourist area, and The Vang Island tourist area. 5.15 Binh Lieu Binh Lieu is a mountainous district in the northeast of Quang Ninh. When coming to Binh Lieu tourist area, you will have the opportunity to see the natural scenery of endless mountains and hills, high waterfalls with white foam and even terraced fields next to a small village with blooming roads. white reed flower. Some famous tourist destinations here are Cao Xiem peak, Cao Ba Lanh peak, Luc Na communal house, Mooc A river waterfall, Khe Van waterfall, Hoanh Mo border gate . 5.16 Yen Tu scenic area Yen Tu is a scenic and tourist area in Quang Ninh including 11 pagodas and hundreds of temples, statue towers and forests of ancient trees stretching at an altitude of 1,000m above sea level. An extremely interesting experience when coming to Yen Tu is climbing to the top of the mountain on a 6,000m long road with thousands of stone steps. For tourists who are not healthy enough to climb the mountain, they can use the cable car service to ensure safety and enjoy the natural scenery from above. 5.17 Yen Trung Lake Yen Trung Lake is the largest lake in Quang Ninh , known as “miniature Da Lat” because of its poetic, romantic and dreamy scenery. The lake is nestled in a hilly valley, surrounded by forests on all four sides, further highlighting the clear blue water.

Here, you can participate in a number of activities such as: renting bicycles to go around the lake, camping overnight, team building, renting boats to sightsee on the lake or checking in for “virtual living” at the bridge of love. 5.18 Khe Van Waterfall Khe Van Waterfall originates from the Khe Van mountain range, Thong Chau with an altitude of more than 1000m above sea level. The waterfall has 3 levels of water, falling from a height of about 100m, creating a majestic scene, white foam mixed with rocks covered with green moss. Especially in the rainy season when the amount of water flowing in is large, small clear lakes will appear here at the foot of the waterfall, very beautiful. 5.19 Minh Chau Island Minh Chau is a small island in Bai Tu Long Bay, Van Don district, Quang Ninh province. This is a Quang Ninh tourist area that attracts many tourists thanks to its long white sand beach, fresh air, and almost intact wilderness without human exploitation. If you are looking for a quiet getaway, Minh Chau island is a reasonable choice. 5.20 Milestone 1305 and dinosaur spine Dinosaur spine is the phrase to refer to the ridge leading to milestone 1305, located on the border patrol road of Binh Lieu. This is one of the two landmarks located at the highest position in Quang Ninh and is also not an easy place to touch. Because to reach this milestone, you need to cross a steep mountain ridge. If the weather is favorable, it can take up to 2 hours, but if the weather is bad, the road is quite dangerous.

The reason this place attracts so many young people to check in is because the road going up is very beautiful, covered with green grass and dirt roads forming a shape like the back of a dinosaur. 5.21 Loi Am Pagoda Another spiritual Quang Ninh tourist area you should not miss is Loi Am Pagoda located on the back of 503m high Loi Am Mountain, the mountain considered the highest in HaLong Bay. The pagoda is not only a place for tourists to visit and worship Buddha, but it is also a historical witness, associated with many folk anecdotes from the reign of King Le Thanh Tong to the anti-French period. 5.22 Sa Vi Cape Sa Vi Cape (also known as Got Cape) is a cape in the northeast of Vietnam, in Tra Co ward, Mong Cai city, Quang Ninh province. There is a majestic relief of three pine trees rising straight to the sky here, and this is also considered a favorite check-in spot for many tourists. 5.23 Cua Ong Temple Cua Ong Temple is one of the famous tourist destinations of Quang Ninh province. This place has a complex of temple relics including Upper Temple, Middle Temple, Lower Temple and the statue of Hung Nhuong Dai Vuong Tran Quoc Tang. This is one of the attractive spiritual places with a long history and beautiful natural landscape, especially the view of Bai Tu Long Bay . 5.24 Bai Tu Long Bay Bai Tu Long Bay is a famous natural wonder of the world, located in the Northeast region of Vietnam, including large and small islands and home to many people. With beautiful landscapes, fine white sand, clear blue sea water and a diversity of flora and fauna, Bai Tu Long Bay attracts many tourists to visit and enjoy the fresh air. 5.25 Vinh Thuc Island Vinh Thuc Island is a great place when you need a place to relax and find new inspiration. This place has a quiet, peaceful space, cool air and poetic scenery. In addition, this is also the place to welcome the earliest sunrise in our country, very suitable for those who love watching the sunrise. 5.26 Yen Tu Truc Lam Zen Monastery Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen Monastery, also known as Lan Pagoda, is an ancient temple located on top of Yen Tu Mountain, Uong Bi, Quang Ninh, Vietnam. This temple was built in the 13th century and upgraded in many different periods. 5.27 Yen Duc ecotourism area Yen Duc village eco-tourism area is a place for tourists who like to explore the rustic features of craft villages, the activities of farmers or the unique features of the people here. Here , you can comfortably learn about outdoor activities and experiences in the Northern Delta countryside of Vietnam. 5.28 An Sinh Temple An Sinh Temple is a spiritual tourist destination built during the Tran Dynasty. This place also preserves typical cultural heritage and has many types of ancient trees. When you come here around February 20 – 28 of the lunar calendar, you will be able to participate in the festival with many unique cultural activities. 5.29 Mo Waterfall Mo Waterfall is a famous place with wild and majestic beauty in the land of Quang Ninh. This waterfall with cool blue water originates from Mo stream with a length of more than 2000m.

When coming to Mo waterfall, tourists not only have the opportunity to immerse themselves in the cool water but can also participate in other exciting recreational activities such as fishing, camping, picnics, sightseeing by yacht, etc. Enjoy the specialties of the Quang Ninh region. 5.30 Dong Phuc Pagoda Dong Phuc Pagoda was built at the end of the 11th century, during the Ly Dynasty, and it was also a place to propagate Buddhism of the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect, and a place to set up altars to pray for the lives of generals who died in battle during the Great Depression. Bach Dang victory in 1288 and was the secret base of revolutionary soldiers in the resistance war against the French.

Not only is it deeply historical, Dong Phuc Pagoda also attracts tourists with its unique architecture built of 500 ironwood blocks with 76 ironwood pillars supporting the pagoda’s dome, the largest monolithic stone in the province with a total square area. park over 4,000m2. Currently, Dong Phuc Pagoda still preserves more than 30 Buddha statues, 2 bronze bells, 10 stone steles and many parallel sentences with profound cultural value. 5.31 Dap Thanh local market If you have been to mountainous districts, especially Ba Che, the Dap Thanh market is a unique cultural feature that you must definitely experience. Although it is in a remote area and quite high compared to the delta, goods at Dap Thanh market are always fully displayed for sale from food, clothes, household appliances to pet food, seeds,… 5.32 Lang Cang Waterfall One of the famous waterfalls in Ba Che district that you should visit once is Lang Cang waterfall. Lang Cang Waterfall possesses a simple, rustic beauty covered with rich vegetation, creating a charming scene that seems to only exist in movies. 5.33 Cao Ly Mountain In order to get to Cao Ly Mountain, you can ride a motorbike or car. On the way to the top of the mountain, you will have the opportunity to enjoy beautiful natural scenery with green mountains and brilliant ripe rice terraces. If you are passionate about mountain climbing, Cao Ly Mountain is also a suitable choice to satisfy your passion. 5.34 Cau My rock beach Cau My rocky beach is the perfect place for those who love brilliant sunrises, where Co To catches the first rays of sunlight. The outstanding feature of Cau My rocky beach is the stacked limestone islands created millions of years ago, with extremely unique and beautiful shapes and colors. 5.35 Co To Lighthouse Co To Lighthouse is one of the most beautiful lighthouses in Vietnam. The lighthouse is located on a hill more than 100 meters high. To reach the top, you will have to climb a staircase with 72 steps. From here, you will admire the beautiful panorama of the vast sea and sky. 5.36 Da Dung Island Da Dung Island is a small island located in the center of the sea in Dam Ha district, Quang Ninh. The wild and beautiful beauty of this place is covered by clear sea water, smooth white sand beaches stretching across the island and unique rocky outcrops with strange shapes. This is one of the tourist destinations not to be missed when visiting Dam Ha district, which brings visitors wonderful and unforgettable experiences. 5.37 Hua Mountain When traveling to Hua Mountain, you will be immersed in the beautiful natural space, enjoy the colorful scenery of the countryside, and admire the flocks of storks playing around in the afternoon sunlight. In addition, Hua Mountain is also an ideal destination to learn more about the revolutionary history and patriotic educational traditions of generations of Vietnamese people. 5.38 Cai Chien Island Cai Chien is an island located in the south of Hai Ha district, about 8 km from Ghenh Vo port. The island’s natural area is about 2,500 hectares, but it consists mainly of mountains and beaches. On the island there is Cau Dragon beach, famous for its 1km long coastal road, inside is a lush casuarina forest for you to relax and enjoy. 5.39 Pac Sui Waterfall Pac Sui Waterfall is one of the famous landmarks in Tien Yen, Quang Ninh, which gives visitors a wonderful experience of nature. Pac Sui Waterfall is famous not only because of its beautiful natural landscape, but also because it is associated with a fairy tale about the chicken king in Dao ethnic culture. You can cool off in the clear blue water and admire the beautiful scenery of the waterfall. 5.40 Ly Thuong Kiet Walking Street Ly Thuong Kiet Walking Street is divided into 3 areas with many diverse and attractive fun activities. The Market Street area offers a bustling shopping space with a full range of dining products and daily necessities.

The Food Street area focuses on local specialties, with unique and delicate flavors. Finally, the folk culture area is where you can learn about the culture and customs of the ethnic groups living in Tien Yen. 5.41 Quang Ninh Gate ecotourism area Quang Ninh Gate tourist area (in Binh Duong commune, Dong Trieu town), although still a relatively new place, has been included in the list of Quang Ninh tourist areas you should experience because there are many interesting activities here. taste. 6. Specialties when traveling to Quang Ninh When traveling to Quang Ninh , you will not only admire the majestic and breathtaking natural landscapes. You also have the opportunity to enjoy the specialties of this beautiful land. 6.1 Ha Long squid patties The first dish that must be mentioned when traveling to Quang Ninh is Ha Long squid rolls. This is the most famous dish in Ha Long, made from fresh squid, resulting in a fragrant, sweet product that is neither too chewy nor too flavorful. This dish is very suitable to eat with rice rolls and white sticky rice. 6.2 Nem chua Quang Yen Nem chua is not a dish only found in Quang Ninh tourism. But Nem chua in Quang Yen, Quang Ninh has its own, unmistakable features. Nem chua Quang Yen is made from the main ingredients of pork and pork skin. Along with roasted peanuts, green beans and secret heirloom spices.

Fragrant and sour spring rolls served with sweet and sour dipping sauce, fig leaves, green bananas, herbs. And a little Yen Tu wine are perfect. You can easily find and enjoy Quang Yen nem chua at roadside restaurants or large stores. 6.3 Sea scallop Sea scallop is a very famous dish in this area, especially in restaurants along the Quang Ninh tourist area. Attractive dishes from scallop to mention include grilled scallop, steamed scallops, scallop porridge, fried noodles, fried scallop, etc. Come to the Vietnam – Japan Labor Cultural Palace area to enjoy delicious dishes from boredom with the price being extremely affordable. 6.4 Gat Gu cake Quite similar to banh cuon but without filling, Gat Gu is a cake made from rice flour. People enjoy them with a greasy dipping sauce made from chicken fat, fried onions, minced meat and pork belly. Gat Gu cake is the perfect combination of simple, pure cake and sophisticated dipping sauce that makes the brand of Quang Ninh tourism. The reputable address to enjoy nodding cake is on Hoa Binh street, Tien Yen town. 6.5 Tien Yen hill chicken Tien Yen is famous for its free-range chickens, which do not eat bran but only eat insects and nuts. Because of this nurturing process, Tien Yen hill chicken meat is firm and has a faint natural aroma. If you come to Quang Ninh, you must definitely try this delicious dish. The authentic place to enjoy it is at restaurants in Tien Yen district, Quang Ninh. 6.6 Sea horseshoe crab Sam sea buckthorn is not only a delicious dish but also a nutritious and healthy dish. Sea sam in Quang Ninh tourist area is very large, firm meat and has a variety of preparations. Such as stir-fried Sam with lemongrass and chili, Sam salad, Sam crab cartilage, stir-fried Sam with vermicelli, crispy fried Sam eggs,… 6.7 Ha Long pearl yogurt – Famous snack Ha Long pearl yogurt has been making waves for a long time. And now it is not difficult to find places with this snack in other provinces. However, when traveling to Quang Ninh, you must definitely try the original Ha Long pearl yogurt once to feel the difference. The address that sells delicious Ha Long pearl yogurt is Tuan Lien yogurt shop in Tran Quoc Nghien, Tuan Chau, Ha Long. 6.8 Yen Tu apricot wine Yen Tu’s specialty apricot wine is made from fragrant rice grains and sweet, cool apricots from the mountains and forests. Not only used for enjoyment, Yen Tu apricot wine also has the ability to beautify the skin. Even reducing wrinkles, supporting health care and enhance eyesight. That is also the reason why when traveling to Quang Ninh, tourists often look to buy this special wine. 6.9 Dried sea worms Dried sea worms are not simply a delicious dish but also a precious medicine, of great value to human health. The processing of this specialty is also very elaborate and meticulous with a quite high price. Which can be up to several million VND per kg, so you need to research carefully before buying. 6.10 Ha Long shrimp floss Ha Long shrimp floss is a suitable choice for tourists who do not want to carry bulky belongings when traveling to Quang Ninh. One advantage of this dish is that the price is quite cheap. If seafood dishes are expensive from a few hundred to several million VND. You only need to spend 30,000 VND to buy HaLong shrimp floss as a gift. 6.11 Yen Tu bamboo shoots If you travel to Quang Ninh on the occasion of Yen Tu festival. You will enjoy the specialty bamboo shoots with a characteristic fragrant and nutty flavor. Bamboo shoots can be processed into many different dishes. Such as soup, grilled, salted with fresh chili or stir-fried with goat meat. 7. Accommodation when traveling to Quang Ninh As a key tourism province in Vietnam, the accommodation facilities here are very rich and diverse. It spreads throughout Quang Ninh province and famous tourist areas. With types of accommodation that best meet the needs and budget of customers.

If you need more information about accommodation in districts or tourist areas in Quang Ninh province. Don’t hesitate to contact Origin Vietnam immediately to get the latest updates.

Below are some accommodation facilities in Ha Long city that you can refer to when traveling to Quang Ninh. FLC Grand Hotel Ha Long. Address: Alley 16 Nguyen Van Cu, Ha Trung, Ha Long City, Quang Ninh. The Secret Ha Long Hotel. Address: Sun Premier Halong Village, Ha Long, Bai Chay, Ha Long City, Quang Ninh. Wyndham Legend Halong Hotel. Address: 12 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Ha Long City, Quang Ninh. The Watson Premium Halong Hotel. Address: 9 D. Hoang Quoc Viet, Hung Thang, Ha Long City, Quang Ninh. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long. Address: Do Si Hoa, Reu Island, Ha Long City, Quang Ninh. A La Carte HaLong Bay Hotel. Address: Lot h30-h33 Peninsula/2, Hung Thang, Ha Long City, Quang Ninh. Halios Halong Hotel. Address: 38 Nguyen Du, Hong Gai, Ha Long City, Quang Ninh. Halong Lavender Hotel. Address: Sun Plaza Grand World Area, Apartment E389, Ha Long, City. Ha Long, Quang Ninh. Draha Halong Hotel. Address: No. 23, Phu Gia 4, Vinhomes Dragon Bay Urban Area, Quang Ninh. 8. Some necessary notes when traveling to Quang Ninh Let your trip to Quang Ninh be safe, fun and complete. You need to refer to the necessary notes below: You can choose to travel to Quang Ninh on your own or by tour. Spend about 1 week if traveling independently and 3-4 days if traveling on a tour. Trip cost depends on the needs and type of service the tourist chooses. If you go to Co To Island, you should check the weather forecast in advance and avoid stormy days. When buying souvenirs when traveling to Quang Ninh, you should refer to prices first to compare. Avoid being bought at too high a price. You should go to authentic addresses to enjoy Quang Ninh’s specialties. Some tips to save costs for the whole trip: book rooms, plane tickets or book tours early. Or eating at popular restaurants or indigenous markets. Blessed by nature with many poetic and beautiful scenes. Quang Ninh is a land with many famous tourist areas, attracting millions of tourists each year. If you have ever been to Quang Ninh, you will surely want to go many more times to fully explore this beautiful sea.

Please immediately contact Origin Vietnam – a professional tour operator. In order to get useful information about destinations and tourist areas in Quang Ninh. We also accompany you on your  tour Vietnam to explore the Quang Ninh with exciting activities and unforgettable experiences. Love to Share Discover Hot Vacation Spots In Quang Ninh Halong Bay Private Tour 2 Days Halong Bay is a wonder which one should not miss once visiting Vietnam. How to visit and discover the majestic seascapes in the bay is the question from many tourists? Let’s think of a private cruise tour in Halong Bay to discover it as your flexible time and trip pacing. Click Here Popular Choice Special offer Overnight cruise in Halong Bay Arcady Boutique Cruise Check Now» Cruise Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay from Hanoi Check Now» La Regina Day Cruise Check Now» Top 3 Recommended Tour & Packages 1 Day Bai Tu Long Bay day tour with boat trip View Tour » Ha Long Bay Ha Long Bay Private Trip For 2 People View Tour » 4 Days Luxury Hanoi and Bai Tu Long Bay cruise package View Tour » Quang Ninh Travel Guide & Sightseeing All things you will need to know before arriving Quang Ninh, Vietnam! Ti Top Island With a beautiful sloping coastline and a white sand beach, shaped like a crescent moon, it looks quite beautiful and impressive with clear blue water. Titop Island is a stopover not to be missed on the journey to explore Ha Long. This place is also known as a “paradise” for those who love to travel. Let’s explore this beautiful island with Origin Vietnam. Read More » Me Cung Cave Me Cung Cave is considered a “natural museum” located halfway up the mountain. There are many valuable archaeological remains that visitors can witness with their own eyes. Typically, the layers of fossilized sea snails cling to the cave walls and the way of life of prehistoric people. Let’s explore this majestic cave with Origin Vietnam. Read More » Tam Cung Cave Ha Long – a world natural heritage famous for many large and small caves, from pristine to splendid majesty. And among them, it is impossible not to mention the mysterious beauty of Tam Cung Cave Read More » Halong Pearl Farm Pearl Farm – Halong Bay, heritage and natural wonders of the world, is known by many tourists for its wonderful natural beauty. Here, also endowed with a natural product that is not available everywhere, that is pearl. Over the past 3 years, many tourists, especially foreigners, have enjoyed a unique travel product in Halong Bay, which is visiting the pearl model. Read More » Banh Sua Island Banh Sua is a surprisingly pristine island. It located in a yellow card arc on Bai Tu Long Bay (Quang Ninh), extremely ideal for those who are passionate about exploring. Read More » Top Recommended Hotel in Quang Ninh White Crown Hotel Halong Ha Long Hidden Charm Hotel FLC Grand Ha Long Our difference Origin Vietnam Responsible travel for Sharing Benefit with Local Community. A small thing we do on our tours can make a big difference, so everyone at Origin Vietnam Travel, we strive our best to minimize the impacts while giving maximum enjoyment from your traveling experience. Continue reading .. From Our Blog BE INSPIRED, BE READY Blogspot & review. That you can get a new experience of travel stories and taste local cuisines. Especially Halong bay Cruise overnight experience from bloggers. It will take you into the steps of discovering hidden sites of Halong Bay! Enjoy The Warm From Vietnam Ancient Style Enjoy the most wanted cruise in Ha Long Bay The Secret Before Travel To Halong Bay Travel Destinations in Vietnam North Vietnam Halong Bay Mai Chau Lao Cai Sapa Hanoi Mu Cang Chai Son La Ninh Binh Lang Son Ha Giang Bac Kan Dien Bien Bai Tu Long Bay Lan Ha Bay Cat Ba Island Thanh Hoa Cao Bang Lai Chau Tuyen Quang Y Ty Yen Bai Tam Dao Hai Phong Ha Nam Central Vietnam Hue Danang Hoian Dalat Quang Binh Nha Trang Quang Tri Buon Ma Thuot Binh Dinh Mui Ne Beach Binh Thuan Quang Ngai Khanh Hoa South Vietnam Ho Chi Minh City Can Tho Phu Quoc Island Vung Tau Chau Doc Phan Thiet Ben Tre Vinh Long Tien Giang Tra Vinh Long An Kien Giang Soc Trang An Giang Ca Mau Bac Lieu Hau Giang Ninh Thuan NOT sure where to go next? We're here to inspire you Customize Private Vietnam Tours & Travels tailor-made by our local specialists. Start planning your authentic insider Vietnam holiday & trips now customize your trip now Share this post Amazing Ha Giang Loop Tour Packages Ha Giang amazing trip 4 days will bring you pass through the awesome landscapes of Ha Giang and the wonder Dong Van Plateau beside colorful of Dong Van Market. Explore Ha Giang Packages Top Choice More Vietnam Tour Packages to Complete Your Adventure Explore handpicked tours packages designed by our local expert for your Vietnam experience! 10 Days Highlights Of North Vietnam View Tour ⟶ 1 Day Red-Shanked Douc Langur Quang Binh Trip View Tour ⟶ 6 Days Northwest Vietnam Trekking Tour View Tour ⟶ Meet Our Local Experts Ms Angela Ms Lucy Ms. Angela & Ms. Lucy is our experts for this itinerary and as seasoned travellers she has the inside track on the most memorable adventures. All are tailor-made tour from Origin Travel Team This itinerary is to give you the flavor experience we can do in Vietnam! Enquiry Now +84 829 098 686 Our difference Origin Vietnam Responsible travel for Sharing Benefit with Local Community. A small thing we do on our tours can make a big difference, so everyone at Origin Vietnam Travel, we strive our best to minimize the impacts while giving maximum enjoyment from your traveling experience. Continue reading … "What our travellers say" Thank you, Origin Travel, for gifting us a week of wonders and joy! With hearts full of gratitude, we highly recommend your services to all enthusiastic explorers ready to uncover the captivating tales of Vietnam. Linda Wensley USA We've always had a passion for trekking and photography. Origin Travel's Trekking & Photo Trip in Mu Cang Chai seamlessly combined these two loves. The vistas of terraced rice fields stretching endlessly were a sight to behold. Olivia T UK We have had a great time and Mr Oanh was fantastic in his knowledge of the city and looking after us. We would like to say a huge thank you to you both for arranging all the details. We would be happy to give you a recommendation on any of the travel websites for your great service. Thank you once again. Candy United States The unparalleled service began with our knowledgeable travel consultant, Ms. Angela. Her meticulous planning and recommendations ensured a seamless and enjoyable experience tailored to our interests. Suppatra Lim Singapore Our guide was great at conversation and translating. Helped us learn the language because of her skill. She was professional, mature, kind and responsive to our needs. We appreciate her skills so much. Made our trip wonderful. Ali Cortes United Kingdom I found Origin Travel on Google. And I choose Jeep Tour from Danang, sightseeing Hai Van pass and Son Tra. An unforgettable day! Awesome can driver and experience. I will recommend this tour to my friends. Thanks. Peter Unites States We had a fantastic day tour to An Bang Cemetery and Tam Giang Lagoon from Hue. Organising and booking the trip with Angela was very smooth and the itinerary she suggested was perfect. Our guide was Mr Na Le and he was excellent, very knowledgeable about the area and history. He looked after us very well throughout the day. We will definitely recommend Origin Vietnam Travel and use them again in the future. Amy Hisck Australia Top Recommended Hotels in vietnam Golden Sea Hotel Beachfront Hotel Royal Huy Hotel Da Nang Top Things to Do in Vietnam All Things need to KNOW before travelling to Vietnam! Dau Pagoda Saigon Opera House Da Bia Mountain Ta Xua Son Doong Cave From Our Blog BE INSPIRED, BE READY Get new experience of travel stories and taste local ingredients in traditional and local cuisines. It will take you into stepping of discover hidden of Vietnam! The Most special festivals in Bac Kan Trekking In Sapa In The Fresh Beautiful Weather Bai Sao Beach Is A Unique Destination In Phu Quoc NOT sure where to go next? We're here to inspire you Customize Private Vietnam Tours & Travels tailor-made by our local specialists. Start planning your authentic insider Vietnam holiday & trips now customize your trip now Please login to access the full Agent Hub. Remember Me Log In Lost your password? What’s in the Agent Hub Webinars Fam Trips Industry News Download Brochures Useful Information Promotions Photo Gallery Construction Reports Operations Reports login Enter your email and password and start exploding Origin Travel features Remember Me Log In Lost your password? Registry First Name Last Name Username Password Email Send YOUR TRAVEL PLAN Speak to a specialist on +8482 909 86 86 or fill in the form below, we will reply within 12 hours. Thank You! Date of travel Adults Child Any specific requests or interests to customize your tour? Message YOUR CONTACT DETAILS Title Select Mr Ms Miss Dir First name Last name Email Telephone Country Send Now We respect your privacy. Your details remain confidential and help us tailor the perfect travel experience.