Title: Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan - Scooter Saigon Tours
URL: https://scootersaigontour.com/top-10-foods-in-binh-thuan/

Content with tag:
[P] Top 10 famous delicious dishes that should not be missed when traveling to Phan Thiet City, Binh Thuan, Vietnam – Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan: Vietnamese soup cake with fried fish (Bánh canh chả cá), Escualosa thoracata salad (Gỏi cá mai), Bailer shell salad (Gỏi ốc giác), Grilled rice paper with shrimp paste (Bánh tráng mắm tôm), Grilled dong dat (Dông đất nướng), Pig’s offal fine rice vermicelli (Bánh hỏi lòng heo), Grilled squid teeth (Răng mực nướng), Vietnamese Pork and Shrimp Dumplings (Bánh quai vạc tôm thịt), Duck Quang noodles (Mì Quảng vịt), Vietnamese pancake,…
[P] Referring to Phan Thiet, people immediately remember the beautiful beaches, the ancient Cham towers, and of course also do not forget the unique dishes of this beautiful South Central region.
[P] Top 10 foods in Nha Trang
[P] Enjoying the rich, rustic flavor of the dishes here is one of the things that makes visitors feel extremely excited. Apricot fish salad, squid teeth, or cakes of all flavors and colors make us fascinated, try it once and it will not be easy to forget, forever attached to the land located at the end of the Central region. Here we would like to introduce to you the famous delicious dishes in Phan Thiet, giving a panoramic view for your reference.
[P] In Phan Thiet, there are countless delicious and attractive dishes
[P] Table of Contents
[H2] Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan
[H2] 1. Vietnamese soup cake with fried fish (Bánh canh chả cá)
[P] Vietnamese soup cake with fried fish is a familiar rustic dish in the morning of people in Phan Thiet, cheap and rich in nutrients. The broth is usually made from fish bones, so it’s very sweet. The broth poured into a bowl is still hot, added a few slices of fried fish (chả cá chiên) or steamed fish (chả cá hấp). In addition, you can eat bread with western omelet (chả trứng chiên) or bread with shumai (xíu mại), which is also very attractive!
[P] Vietnamese soup cake with fried fish – one of Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan is a familiar rustic dish in the morning of people in Phan Thiet.
[H2] 2. Escualosa thoracata salad (Gỏi cá mai)
[P] Escualosa thoracata salad is one of the famous delicious dishes in Phan Thiet, especially loved by men. Shellfish salad will be sliced into long thin slices, squeezed with lemon, marinated with spices, mixed with laksa leaves, green onions, basil and roasted peanuts. The dipping sauce for shellfish salad is also very special, elaborately prepared, looking viscous and very attractive, with the aroma of tamarind, ripe bananas, garlic and chili. When eating shellfish salad, people often eat it with sour star fruit, green banana, cucumber and lettuce…
[P] Escualosa thoracata salad – one of Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan is one of the famous delicious dishes in Phan Thiet.
[H2] 3. Bailer shell salad (Gỏi ốc giác)
[P] Bailer shell salad is famous near and far not only for its cool and nutritious taste, but also because of its unique delicious taste that cannot be found anywhere else. In addition to the main ingredient bailer shell, the salad has papaya, peanuts, laksa leaves, and onions. When eaten, it is usually served with rice paper, and sweet and sour fish sauce. Diners who eat it once will remember its special taste forever.
[P] The famous snail salad near and far is not only cool and nutritious, but also because of its unique delicious taste.
[H2] 4. Grilled rice paper with shrimp paste (Bánh tráng mắm tôm)
[P] This typical dish is only available in Phan Thiet. While walking around sightseeing, you will breathe in the attractive aroma of grilled rice paper with onions, fish sauce, butter, eggs,… fragrant, hot just taken out of the brazier.
[P] Rice paper with shrimp paste – one of Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan is only available in Phan Thiet.
[H2] 5. Grilled dong dat (Dông đất nướng)
[P] Grilled dong dat is one of the famous delicious dishes in Phan Thiet, visitors when coming here should not miss the opportunity to enjoy. Dong dat is an animal that lives in a cave on the sand dunes, in the early morning they crawl out to eat the young trees, drink the night dew, and the dong dat meat is soft and very fragrant. The people here process dong dat into many dishes such as making spring rolls, salads, porridge, stir-fried with lemongrass and chili… but the best dish is still the grilled dong dat, which has a special delicious taste, few dishes can match it.
[P] Dong dat – one of Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan is an animal that lives in a cave on the sand dunes, in the early morning they crawl out to eat the young trees, drink the night dew.
[H2] 6. Pig’s offal fine rice vermicelli (Bánh hỏi lòng heo)
[P] This famous pig’s offal fine rice vermicelli in Phan Thiet includes fine rice vermicelli, pig’s offal, thin rice paper, raw vegetables and dipping sauce. Fine rice vermicelli are small, smooth, chewy vermicelli cakes and at first glance, they look quite similar to noodles. Pig’s offal has a full heart, liver, kidney, small intestine and a little Pork side. Fine rice vermicelli dipping sauce is made from tamarind juice, mixed with garlic, pureed fresh chili, sugar and a little salt. Eating Pig’s offal fine rice vermicelli in the morning or late afternoon is the most suitable, sip to see how irresistible the deliciousness of this new dish is!
[P] This famous pig’s offal fine rice vermicelli in Phan Thiet includes fine rice vermicelli, pig’s offal, thin rice paper, raw vegetables and dipping sauce.
[H2] 7. Grilled squid teeth (Răng mực nướng)
[P] Many tourists coming to Phan Thiet are very curious about this dish. Grilled squid teeth is a favorite snack of the people here, made from squid teeth. The squid teeth are washed, marinated with full spices and then grilled, fried or stir-fried at the request of the customer. when eaten, it is chewy and fragrant. In the cool of the night, stopping by a small entery on the sidewalk and enjoying squid teeth is nothing better.
[P] Grilled squid teeth – one of Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan is a favorite snack of the people here, made from squid teeth.
[H2] 8. Vietnamese Pork and Shrimp Dumplings (Bánh quai vạc tôm thịt)
[P] Vietnamese pork and shrimp dumplings have a distinct flavor, bold sweetness of fresh sea shrimp. The slightly thick dipping sauce is mixed with fish sauce, granulated sugar, thinly sliced Siamese chili and seasoned to taste. When eaten, they are displayed on a plate, sprinkled with fragrant fried onions, chewed slowly to feeled the wonderful flavors mixed together, sweet, spicy, greasy. Once eating, it is hard to forget.
[P] Vietnamese pork and shrimp dumplings – one of Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan have a distinct flavor, bold sweetness of fresh sea shrimp.
[H2] 9. Duck Quang noodles (Mì Quảng vịt)
[P] This is one of the famous delicious dishes in Phan Thiet. People here get creative Duck promo noodles by replacing pork with fragrant soft duck meat. The spicy, sweet, and fatty flavor just makes mì quảng vịt more attractive than ever. A bowl of hot noodles, with the fat taste of grass duck, the spicy taste of chili, the fat taste of peanuts, served with herbs, is delicious.
[P] This is one of the famous delicious dishes in Phan Thiet.
[H2] 10. Vietnamese pancake
[P] Traveling to Phan Thiet, visitors should not miss the delicious Vietnamese pancakes. Inside the crispy and golden cake is full of shrimp, squid, belly pork, being fresh and quality foods. The dish will make you extremely satisfied, taste and feel it!
[P] Vietnamese pancake – one of Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan
[P] We have just introduced to you the famous delicious dishes in Phan Thiet, which are all unique dishes of this land, which are popular with tourists. Hopefully, the information about these famous specialties help visitors gain more knowledge about the cuisine here and add it to the handbook for the upcoming trip. Coming to Phan Thiet, visitors will enjoy a refreshing feeling when walking around the city, breathing in the fresh air and sea breeze, enjoying unique dishes, nothing is more wonderful.
[H4] Related Posts
[H4] About The Author
[P] Hi everybody! I would like to say thank you for reading my blogs whether you are planning your trip to Vietnam, expats who live and work in the country, students and researchers who would like to find information about Vietnam, especially Vietnamese culture, foodies who are interested in delicious Vietnamese foods and recipes and others.

My friends call me Tracy and I am living in Ho Chi Minh City. Having a huge passion for travel and a master's degree of Information Technology, I have launched some travel projects including Athena Travel Vietnam, Vietnam Trip Advice, Hidden Travel Vietnam, OXO Tour, Scooter Saigon Tour, Ao Dai Saigon Food Tour after graduating from abroad. Thousands of trav
elers use our services and 99% of them are satisfied.

What are my hobbies? Traveling, going to pagodas, museums and studying beautiful architectural works, visit tourist attractions. I have loved writing since I was a child. Writing blogs as well as sharing travel tips, tourist attractions and lots of hidden places are my top thing to do with my free time.

Why are my blogs different from others? Ease of reading is the number one highlight. I have tried my best to use simple structures and vocabulary so that readers feel comfortable and convenient and find it easy to read. You may tend to read articles and blogs written by journalists of famous travel magazines, newspapers, travel websites or big travelers who travel around the world and have their own blogs. My blogs are written by a local so that you have a chance to learn more about less-known things, untold tips, hidden gems and foods.

If you like my blogs, just share it on your social media. If you have any question relating to Vietnam, just comment or contact me via live chat, email, WhatsApp, Facebook. If you are going to travel to Vietnam, give our team a chance to show you Ho Chi Minh City and South Vietnam. Tracy's team can handle all of your needs including Ho Chi Minh city tours, Ho Chi Minh scooter (motorbike) tours, Ho Chi Minh food tours, Saigon unseen tours, Mekong Delta tours, Cu Chi Tunnels Tour, Ho Chi Minh City transfer services, Ho Chi Minh City shore excursions.
[H3] Leave a ReplyCancel Reply
[P] Δ