Title: Kien Giang Tourism 2025 - A Guide to the Pearl of the South
URL: https://vietnamtravel.com/kien-giang-province/

Content:
Kien Giang Tourism 2025 - A Guide to the Pearl of the South Kien Giang Province Phu Quoc 4 islands If you need to know about history, tourism, and all about Kien Giang to prepare for your next trip, you should not skip this article. Browse it now. Table of Contents Overview Geography Climate Tourism Transportation Overview Kien Giang is well known as a famous cultural and tourist land in the Mekong Delta region. Coming to Kien Giang, visitors have a multitude of options for their travels, outstanding among them are attractive destinations such as Ha Tien, Ngoc Phu Quoc Island, or turn to explore the unspoiled beauty of the archipelago. Beautiful Nam Du. This is the largest province in the Southwest region and the second largest in the South (after Binh Phuoc province). Area: 348,8 km² Population: 723.067 people (2019) Provincial City : Rach Gia City Districts : Kien Luong, Hon Dat, Tan Hiep, Chau Thanh, Giong Rieng, Go Quao, An Bien, An Minh, Vinh Thuan, Phu Quoc, Kien Hai, U Minh Thuong However, during the Nguyen Dynasty, the whole area of Kien Giang today belongs to Ha Tien province. Thus, the Ha Tien Nguyen Dynasty stretched along the edge of the Gulf of Thailand (West Sea), from Ca Mau to Ha Tien. There was a time it Kampot Proas prolonged as far as Kampot and Sihanoukville City (Kompong Som) of Cambodia. In the East, it bordered An Giang province; the northwest, north, and northeast, it adjacents to Cao Mien. From 1970 until 1975, Rach Gia town and Kien Giang province were equal administrative units at the provincial level according to the arrangement of the Republic of Vietnam. In 1976, Kien Giang only had the capital town Rach Gia and 8 suburban districts compared to 15 administrative units of today. Geography Kien Giang is located at the extreme southwest of Vietnam, in which the territory consists of the mainland and islands. The center of the province is Rach Gia city, 250 km west of Ho Chi Minh City. Kien Giang borders Cambodia to the North with a 54 km long border. The Gulf of Thailand in the West has a coastline of more than 200 km. In addition, Kien Giang has more than 100 large and small islands. Climate Kien Giang has a humid tropical climate with two seasons: rainy and dry. The average temperature is 27°C Kien Giang has all kinds of terrain from plains, mountains, and islands. In particular, the mainland has a relatively flat terrain, lower from the northeast to the southwest. Because of its low latitude and bordering the sea, Kien Giang has a tropical monsoon climate, hot and humid all year round. The weather in Kien Giang is warm and humid, with an average temperature of 27°C. The hottest month is April and the coldest month is January. The rainy season is from April to November and the dry season is from December to April. The sunniest month is January and the wettest month is August. Kien Giang has a long coastline and many islands, so the weather may vary depending on the location and the season. The best time to visit Kien Giang is from November to April, when the weather is dry and sunny. This is also the high season for tourism, so you may need to book your tours and hotels in advance. The rainy season is from April to September, when the weather is wet and humid. This season may have some storms and floods, so it is not recommended for visiting Kien Giang. However, each season has its own beauty and charm, so you can choose the time that suits your preference and budget. This table shows the average temperature, high temperature, low temperature, and precipitation for each month in Kien Giang. The data is from Weather.com. Month Average Temperature High Temperature Low Temperature Precipitation January 27°C 33°C 21°C 200mm February 28°C 34°C 22°C 180mm March 29°C 35°C 23°C 160mm April 30°C 36°C 24°C 140mm May 31°C 37°C 25°C 120mm June 32°C 38°C 26°C 100mm July 33°C 39°C 27°C 80mm August 34°C 40°C 28°C 60mm September 33°C 39°C 27°C 80mm October 32°C 38°C 26°C 100mm November 31°C 37°C 25°C 120mm December 30°C 36°C 24°C 140mm Tourism Phu Quoc is the largest and most famous island in Kien Giang, attracting millions of visitors every year with its pristine beaches, diverse marine life, and modern facilities. Kien Giang is widely known as the most famous cultural and tourist land in the Mekong Delta region. The beautiful scenery of Kien Giang used to be praised through “The ten gulfs of Ha Tien.” To this day, Kien Giang is known by many famous tourist attractions such as Hon Phu Tu (Hon Phu is broken, only Hon Tu remains) and Phu Quoc island. In addition, Kien Giang also has economic potential with tremendous resources on fisheries. Historical sites like U Minh forest, Hon Dat, Ha Tien are among the most attractive spots. Kien Giang province in Vietnam, is a popular destination for its stunning beaches, natural wonders, and cultural heritage. Some of the attractions in Kien Giang include: Phu Quoc Island , a tropical paradise with pristine beaches, crystal clear waters, and lush forests. Visitors can enjoy various activities such as swimming, snorkeling, hiking, fishing, and exploring the island’s history and culture. U Minh Thuong National Park , a natural reserve with a diverse ecosystem of wildlife and plants. Visitors can admire the beauty of the mangrove forest, observe rare birds and animals, and learn about the local people’s livelihoods. Thoai Ngoc Hau Temple , a historical site dedicated to a local hero who fought against the French colonialists. Visitors can see the temple’s architecture and learn about the history of Kien Giang and Vietnam. VinWonders and Safari Phu Quoc , a theme park and wildlife park that offer entertainment and education for visitors of all ages. Visitors can enjoy various rides, shows, games, and attractions at VinWonders, or explore the wildlife and nature at Safari Phu Quoc. Hon Thom Cable Car , a cable car system that connects Phu Quoc Island with Hon Thom Island. Visitors can enjoy the scenic views of the sea and the islands from the cable car, or visit Hon Thom Island for more activities and experiences. Kien Giang travel is a great option for anyone who loves nature, culture, and adventure. Transportation Kien Giang has three airports: Rach Gia, Phu Quoc, and Ha Tien, connecting the province with domestic and international destinations. Kien Giang is accessible from My Tho, Can Tho, Ha Tien, and Ho Chi Minh city by road. There are three airports in the province in which the one in Phu Quoc is an international one. From Rach Gia to Phu Quoc, there are hydrofoil boats. SHARE ON Related Posts Leave a Comment Cancel comment Rate: Δ Request A Free Quote Thank you! We have received your travel request.  You will receive an email shortly. Please check your email and verify the information. Your request will be processed after your confirmation. Hotel category? Hotel category? 3 Star 4 Star 5 Star Top Luxury How many people? Number of travellers? 1 Person 2 Persons 3 Persons 4 Persons 5 Persons 6 Persons 7 Persons 8 Persons 9 Persons 10 Persons 11 Persons 12 Persons 13 Persons 14 Persons 15 Persons 16 Persons 17 Persons 18 Persons 19 Persons 20 Persons >20 Persons How many days?* How many days? 1 day 2 days 3 days 4 days 5 days 6 days 7 days 8 days 9 days 10 days 11 days 12 days 13 days 14 days 15 days 16 days 17 days 18 days 19 days 20 days 21 days 22 days 23 days 24 days 25 days 26 days 27 days 28 days 29 days 30 days >30 days Travel date* Full name Email Confirm email Phone number * * To be sure you'll receive our itinerary (email failure case...) Nationality Select your nationality Afghan Albanian Algerian American Samoa Andorran Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentinian Armenian Aruba Australian Austrian Azerbaijani Bahamian Bahraini Bangladeshi Barbadian Belarusian Belgian Belizean Beninese Bermuda Bhutanese Bolivian Bosnian Botswanan Bouvet Island Brazilian British Antarctic Territory British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Bruneian Bulgarian Burkinese Burundian Cambodian Cameroonian Canadian Canton and Enderbury Islands Cape Verdean Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chadian Chilean Chinese Christmas Island Cocos [Keeling] Islands Colombian Comoros Congolese - Brazzaville Congolese - inshasa Cook Islands Costa Rican Croat or Croatian Cuban Cypriot Czech Cote D\'Ivoire Danish Djiboutian Dominican Dominican Republic Dronning Maud Land Ecuadorean Egyptian Salvadorean Equatorial Guinea Eritrean Estonian Ethiopian Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fijian Finnish French French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories French Southern and Antarctic Territories Gabonese Gambian Georgian German Ghanaian Gibraltar Greek Greenland Grenadian Guadeloupe Guam Guatemalan Guernsey Guinean-Bissau Guyanese Haitian Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduran Hong Kong SAR - Chinese Hungarian Icelandic Indian Indonesian Iranian Iraqi Irish Isle of Man Israel Italian Jamaican Japanese Jersey Johnston Island Jordanian Kazakh Kenyan Kiribati Kuwaiti Kyrgyzstan Laotian Latvian Netherlander Lebanese Lesotho Liberian Libyan Liechtensteinian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macau SAR - Chinese Macedonian Madagascan Malawian Malaysian Maldivian Malian Maltese Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritanian Mauritian Mayotte Metropolitan France Mexican Micronesia Midway Islands Moldovan Monacan Mongolian Montenegrin Montserrat Moroccan Mozambican Burmese Namibian Nauru Nepalese Dutch Antilles Neutral Zone New Caledonia New Zealander Nicaraguan Nigerien Nigerian Niue Norfolk Island North Korean Northern Mariana Islands Norwegian Omani Pacific Islands Trust Territory Pakistani Palau Palestinian Territories Panamanian Guinean Paraguayan Peoples Democratic Republic of Yemen Peruvian Philippine Pitcairn Islands Polish Portuguese Puerto Rico Qatari Romanian Russian Rwandan Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Western Samoan San Marino Saudi Arabian Seychellois Senegalese Serbian Serbian and Montenegro Sierra Leonian Singaporean Slovak Slovenian Solomon Somali South African South Georgian and the South Sandwich Islands South Korean Spanish Sri Lankan Sudanese Surinamese Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swazi Swedish Swiss Syrian Sao Tome and Principe Taiwanese Tajik Tanzanian Thai Timor-Leste Togolese Tokelau Tonga Trinidadian Tobagan Tunisian Turkish Turkmen Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvaluan American. Minor Outlying Islands American. Miscellaneous Pacific Islands American. Virgin Islands Ugandan Ukrainian Emirati British American Uruguayan Uzbek Vanuatuan Vatican Venezuelan Vietnamese Wake Island Wallis and Futuna Welsh Western Sahara Yemeni Yugoslav Zambian Zairean Zimbabwean Aland Islands Unknown or Invalid Region Message You have chosen a tour duration longer than 30 days. Please specify the exact number of days you want to travel in the message box below, so that we can have enough information and make a program for you. Thank you for your cooperation. You have selected a number of travellers greater than 20. Please let us know the exact number of people in your group in the message box below so that we can quote you accurately. Thank you for your cooperation. You have selected a number of travellers greater than 20 and duration longer than 30 days. Please let us know the exact number of people in your group and the exact number of days in the message box below so that we can quote you accurately. Thank you for your cooperation. Send enquiry Category Vietnam Travel Guides Travel Planning Festivals & Events Food & Drinks Tourist Maps Travel Blog Travel News Faqs Our Recommendations Guideline to get Vietnam E-visa Vietnam Weather: General information & Best Time to Visit 50 Things You should Know before Traveling to Vietnam Best Vietnam Private Tours you should know before traveling Info for travelers on Covid-19 in Vietnam: Entry requirements & Restrictions You May Also Like Long An Tourism – A Guide to the Agricultural and Cultural Treasure of Vietnam Tien Giang Tourism: A Guide to the Green Paradise of Mekong Delta Ca Mau Tourism Guide 2025 | Everything You Need to Know Binh Dinh Province: Discovering the Coastal Marvels of Vietnam An Giang Tourism Vinh Long Tourism: What to See and Do in the Orchards and Rivers of Mekong Delta Quang Nam Tourism – A Guide to the Cultural and Natural Heritage of Vietnam Overview of Hue, Vietnam Hau Giang Tourism Guide Overview of Hoi An, Vietnam Open CUSTOMISE YOUR OWN HOLIDAY Sign up today and receive a customized itinerary based on your own travel style, budget… by our Vietnam Travel consultants Your Travel Plan How many days? 1 day 2 days 3 days 4 days 5 days 6 days 7 days 8 days 9 days 10 days 11 days 12 days 13 days 14 days 15 days 16 days 17 days 18 days 19 days 20 days 21 days 22 days 23 days 24 days 25 days 26 days 27 days 28 days 29 days 30 days >30 days Hotel category? 3 Star 4 Star 5 Star Top Luxury Number of travellers? 1 Person 2 Persons 3 Persons 4 Persons 5 Persons 6 Persons 7 Persons 8 Persons 9 Persons 10 Persons 11 Persons 12 Persons 13 Persons 14 Persons 15 Persons 16 Persons 17 Persons 18 Persons 19 Persons 20 Persons >20 Persons Where would you like to visit? Vietnam Cambodia Laos Myanmar Thailand You have chosen a tour duration longer than 30 days. Please specify the exact number of days you want to travel in the message box below, so that we can have enough information and make a program for you. Thank you for your cooperation. You have selected a number of travellers greater than 20. Please let us know the exact number of people in your group in the message box below so that we can quote you accurately. Thank you for your cooperation. You have selected a number of travellers greater than 20 and duration longer than 30 days. Please let us know the exact number of people in your group and the exact number of days in the message box below so that we can quote you accurately. Thank you for your cooperation. Contact Information Select your nationality Afghan Albanian Algerian American Samoa Andorran Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentinian Armenian Aruba Australian Austrian Azerbaijani Bahamian Bahraini Bangladeshi Barbadian Belarusian Belgian Belizean Beninese Bermuda Bhutanese Bolivian Bosnian Botswanan Bouvet Island Brazilian British Antarctic Territory British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Bruneian Bulgarian Burkinese Burundian Cambodian Cameroonian Canadian Canton and Enderbury Islands Cape Verdean Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chadian Chilean Chinese Christmas Island Cocos [Keeling] Islands Colombian Comoros Congolese - Brazzaville Congolese - inshasa Cook Islands Costa Rican Croat or Croatian Cuban Cypriot Czech Cote D\'Ivoire Danish Djiboutian Dominican Dominican Republic Dronning Maud Land Ecuadorean Egyptian Salvadorean Equatorial Guinea Eritrean Estonian Ethiopian Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fijian Finnish French French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories French Southern and Antarctic Territories Gabonese Gambian Georgian German Ghanaian Gibraltar Greek Greenland Grenadian Guadeloupe Guam Guatemalan Guernsey Guinean-Bissau Guyanese Haitian Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduran Hong Kong SAR - Chinese Hungarian Icelandic Indian Indonesian Iranian Iraqi Irish Isle of Man Israel Italian Jamaican Japanese Jersey Johnston Island Jordanian Kazakh Kenyan Kiribati Kuwaiti Kyrgyzstan Laotian Latvian Netherlander Lebanese Lesotho Liberian Libyan Liechtensteinian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macau SAR - Chinese Macedonian Madagascan Malawian Malaysian Maldivian Malian Maltese Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritanian Mauritian Mayotte Metropolitan France Mexican Micronesia Midway Islands Moldovan Monacan Mongolian Montenegrin Montserrat Moroccan Mozambican Burmese Namibian Nauru Nepalese Dutch Antilles Neutral Zone New Caledonia New Zealander Nicaraguan Nigerien Nigerian Niue Norfolk Island North Korean Northern Mariana Islands Norwegian Omani Pacific Islands Trust Territory Pakistani Palau Palestinian Territories Panamanian Guinean Paraguayan Peoples Democratic Republic of Yemen Peruvian Philippine Pitcairn Islands Polish Portuguese Puerto Rico Qatari Romanian Russian Rwandan Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Western Samoan San Marino Saudi Arabian Seychellois Senegalese Serbian Serbian and Montenegro Sierra Leonian Singaporean Slovak Slovenian Solomon Somali South African South Georgian and the South Sandwich Islands South Korean Spanish Sri Lankan Sudanese Surinamese Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swazi Swedish Swiss Syrian Sao Tome and Principe Taiwanese Tajik Tanzanian Thai Timor-Leste Togolese Tokelau Tonga Trinidadian Tobagan Tunisian Turkish Turkmen Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvaluan American. Minor Outlying Islands American. Miscellaneous Pacific Islands American. Virgin Islands Ugandan Ukrainian Emirati British American Uruguayan Uzbek Vanuatuan Vatican Venezuelan Vietnamese Wake Island Wallis and Futuna Welsh Western Sahara Yemeni Yugoslav Zambian Zairean Zimbabwean Aland Islands Unknown or Invalid Region * To be sure you'll receive our itinerary (email failure case...) SEND ENQUIRY (We'll get back to you within 8 business hours) START PLANNING NOW Your privacy matters We use cookies to enhance your experience, analyse traffic, and serve personalised travel packages. ‘Accept All Cookies’ to consent per our Cookie and Privacy policies. Detail Cookies Accept All Cookies Reject All Cookies Before you continue to vietnamtravel.com We use cookies and data to Deliver and maintain our services Track outages and protect against spam, fraud and abuse Measure audience engagement and site statistics to understand how our services are used and enhance the quality of those services If you choose to 'Accept', we will also use cookies and data to Develop and improve new services Deliver and measure the impact of your experiences. Show personalised guides, depending on your settings Show personalised tours, depending on your settings If you choose to 'Reject', we will not use cookies for these additional purposes. ×