Title: Top 12 most attractive destinations in Long An
URL: https://vietnamreviewer.com/top-12-most-attractive-destinations-in-long-an/

Content:
Top 12 most attractive destinations in Long An Skip to content Where to go Top 12 most attractive destinations in Long An Posted on by Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Shares The land of the West – Long An brings the peaceful beauty of the river. Long tourist destinations are where you can feel the fragrant lotus fields, explore the cool forest road, and many more beautiful destinations. Let’s join Vietnam Reviewer to discover the most beautiful tourist destinations in Long An below. Table of Contents Toggle Top 12 most attractive destinations in Long An Tan Lap Floating Village Tan Lap floating village or Tan Tap cajuput forest in Moc Hoa, Long An. This is a unique eco-tourism area of Long An . A series of young people have come here to camp, take pictures and visit. Away from the hustle and bustle of the city, immersed in the rich natural scenery of the Melaleuca forest here. There is a winding road through the forest that is often checked in by young people. The road is more than 5 km long and is erected in the middle of the forest creating a very unique scene. Here, people become small and lost in the middle of the primeval Melaleuca forest on a small bridge. There is also a 38 m high observatory with 10 floors for visitors to see the whole place. Explore the Ultimate Guide for Traveling from Nha Trang to Mui Ne Top Attractions for Ho Chi Minh What to See: Explore Saigon Like a Local Top 15 Saigon Places to Visit: Your Ultimate Travel Guide Top 10 Places to Visit in Ho Chi Minh City: Your Ultimate Travel Guide Ultimate Guide to Ho Chi Minh Sightseeing: Top Attractions and Travel Tips Tan Lap Floating Village If you explore the forest by water, you will be sitting on small boats through the primeval forest. Whether exploring this place by water or by road on the bridge, it gives a very different feeling here. You should go to Tan Lap floating village in the floating season from August to November of the lunar calendar every year. The water season leads to an increase in the diversity of flora and fauna here. Address: Highway 62, Tan Lap, Moc Hoa, Long An Hundred-column House The hundred-column house in Can Duoc district is a national historical heritage and a key tourist area of Long An province. This house was built by Mr. Tran Van Hoa in 1901, but it took 3 years to complete. Although it is called a hundred-column house, this house has 120 columns, including 68 round columns and 52 square columns. The front of the house faces northwest, all made of precious wood. Hundred-column House The structure of the house is built according to the typical Ruong through Trinh house style of Hue, The house’s frame does not use a row of columns in the middle, but each pair of female columns connects horizontally and is fastened with a wooden bar. transversely. This is the advantage of the house with the frame is always solid and the indoor space is airy when there is no column in the middle. In particular, the decoration in the architecture of the hundred-column house has shown that the sculptural art of the previous artisans was at a high level through the layout, presentation of topics as well and technical processing. Hundred-column House The whole system of trusses, pierced with mosaics, embossed, and parasols is very elaborately carved through the themes of “vanishing dragons”, “four times”, and “leaf turning” with characteristics of Hue. The interior and exterior spaces are the places where the highest concentration of aesthetic value of the work that the ancients have put on each touch. It is a diverse and rich collection of classical themes such as “four spirits”, “four periods”, and “eight fruits”. The motifs represent Phuc-Loc-Tho in addition to Western themes such as roses, squirrels – and grapes, and Southern elements such as custard apple, vase, star fruit, and mangosteen. All have been elaborately performed by artisans on partitions, wind-leaf walls, altars, round tables, long tables… skillfully and ingeniously. Address: Trung Hamlet, Long Huu Dong, Can Duoc, Long An Long An Museum Long An Museum is located in hamlet 4, Tan An town. The museum was established in 1985 and includes antique architecture from the early twentieth century. The total floor area is 2,000m2 used to display many artifacts, folk, and contemporary artworks of great cultural and historical value to introduce the contents of natural history and social history. festival. This is an important address for tourists who want to study the culture and history of Long An province. Long An Museum Long An Museum has kept tens of thousands of artifacts related to Oc Eo culture. These artifacts are valuable not only to Long An province but also a national treasure with international significance: Human remains (An Son) were unearthed at Chua Dat (An Son – Duc Hoa, 1978). ), VIth century stone statue of Vishnu. All kinds of idols, stone, terracotta, ceramic labor tools… Currently, Long An Museum has become a place that attracts a large number of domestic and foreign visitors to learn about prehistoric times, early history, and ancient history. history to the history of the province, thereby contributing to clarifying the appearance of prehistoric culture and Oc Eo in Long An in particular and the South in general, an important ancient culture, constituting the local traditional culture and the whole country. Address: 400 National Highway 1, Ward 4, Tan An City, Long An Province Ton Thanh Pagoda Ton Thanh Pagoda is located in My Loc commune, Can Giuoc district, Long An province. This is a quite famous temple in history and literature built in 1808. This temple is also ranked as a national historical relic. Originally, the pagoda was named Lan Nha Pagoda locally known as Ong Ngo Pagoda, founded and built by Zen Master Vien Ngo in 1808. This is the oldest pagoda in Long An and carries many cultural values. art since the nineteenth century. The pagoda also preserves many historical relics of the era. Prominent are 2 stone steles including poems of poet Nguyen Dinh Chieu, and Van Te philanthropist Can Giuoc. This is also where poet Nguyen Dinh Chieu lived, wrote, and taught here. Ton Thanh Pagoda Experiencing many ups and downs of history, today’s Ton Thanh Pagoda is no longer intact with the “glorious, golden pillars” scene as before. Instead, there is an overall architecture including electricity, a main hall, a lecture hall, and east and west corridors with tiled roofs and brick walls. However, Ton Thanh Pagoda still retains its ancient features through the system of columns in the form of four statues in the main hall, the Buddha statues dating from the early 19th century, and the parallel lines of Han characters painted in gold. To the right of Ton Thanh Pagoda, there are two memorials built in 1973 and 1997 to save traces of poet Nguyen Dinh Chieu. Visit Ton Thanh Pagoda, revisit a famous place of ancient Gia Dinh, light incense in front of the stupa of the high monk Vien Ngo, and remember the poet Nguyen Dinh Chieu who used to be here to write Excellent writing, surely Your visit will be very interesting and useful. Address: Thanh Ba hamlet, My Loc commune, Can Giuoc district, Long An province. Wonders of the World Park Located only 30 km from Ho Chi Minh City, World Wonders Park (Long An) is a great destination for you to visit and travel on the weekend, especially for those of you who like to take pictures. This is a very hot destination for young people in recent years. When you come to the World Wonders Park, you feel like you are traveling in a real foreign country. Although they are only miniature models, it is undeniable that the models of wonders here are very realistic and beautiful from the Leaning Tower of Pisa to the Basilica of the Sydney Opera House… Wonders of the World Park Wonders of the World Park is open even in the evening, so you can come here to admire the extremely beautiful scenery from the lights radiating at the wonder models. You will feel like all these models are glowing and you are lost in another country. You will have extremely high-quality check-in photos as if traveling around the world in Vietnam. Address: My Hanh Bac, Duc Hoa, Long An Long An Park and Monument Long An Park and Monument was built in 2013. Under the park’s basement, the entire space is arranged with air conditioning, a sound system, and lights according to each area. Model exhibition space in 8 different themes, each theme is placed in a glass frame with an area of ​​about 4 m2, arranged along small aisles inside the Space. This entire gallery space is pitch black. When visitors come to visit, the new guide turns on the lighting system for each topic and introduces the content of that topic. This way helps visitors focus on each topic, not arbitrarily walking around like many other galleries. In particular, in each topic, images of characters, objects, plants, rivers, and villages are recreated in an extremely vivid way. Long An Park and Monument With deep historical content and significance, Long An Park and its monument have become a typical cultural work of Long An, a square for people, officers, and soldiers to have the opportunity to meet and meet. remove and review the glorious history of the province, affirm the determination to build and protect the country’s homeland, carry out traditional education for the young generation, be a tourist attraction, and entertainment, and at the same time contribute to urban embellishment of the modern civilized and modern city of Tan An in the future. Address: National Highway 1A, Ward 5, Tan An, Long An Núi Đất From afar, that mountain looks like a giant rockery emerging in the middle of a clear, calm, and poetic lake. Connecting Nui Dat with the shore is a stylized, curved, soft cement bridge. Nui Dat is located in Moc Hoa town, located in the central area. The reason it is called Nui Dat is because this is not a natural mountain but created by human hands. Ngo Dinh Diem’s government forced our people to build mountains of land to make landscapes. Núi Đất Dat mountain area is divided into three small islands, including many mountains and rocks around, covered with moss and dense vegetation, but there is still a way for visitors to ensure safety. Islet 2 is a mountain also built of land connecting islet 1 by a small long bridge. Small island 3 is located to the left of the lotus lake, shaped like a stone rockery with two shady Bodhi trees. In the lake, there are also 2 water-seat houses for visitors to cool off and chat. If you come here, you will be able to visit the surrounding nature and forests. Address: Nguyen Huynh Duc, Moc Hoa, Long An Thanh Tam Ornamental Flower Garden Thanh Tam’s ornamental flower garden has a large scale with a variety of rare flowers and ornamental plants, especially bonsai. The garden is located in the center of Tan An town, Long An province, convenient for tourists from near and far to visit. For visitors who are passionate about ornamental plants, Thanh Tam’s ornamental flower garden is a destination not to be missed when going on a Long An Tour. Thanh Tam Ornamental Flower Garden This is a large ornamental flower garden with many precious ornamental plants. Many precious trees are more than 100 years old. Many trees here have been completed in major competitions and received many medals in the Southern region. Coming here, visitors will be able to see the whole world in miniature, such as Hue’s inner citadel, Angkor temple, Mount Fuji, or the Pyramids… very unique. In addition, when you come here, you can also admire the vast and vast landscape of flowering trees and flower forests. A series of flowers and ornamental plants are planted in rows, to get these ornamental plants, artisans have spent a lot of time and effort. Address: Truong Dinh, Ward 2, Tan An, Long An, Vietnam Rio Water Park Long An is a new tourist destination that is quite developed in terms of tourism with new and emerging tourist destinations such as Tan Lap Floating Village, Dong Thap Muoi ecotourism area, and Cat Tuong Phu residential park. In particular, there is an equally famous entertainment place in Long An that visitors cannot ignore, which is Rio Water Park – a tourist area with an overflowing swimming pool, and games such as slap. ditches to catch fish, and plant trees… for the little ones to learn life skills. Rio Water Park Rio is a water park designed in resort style, with a large Olympic standard swimming pool, children’s and entertainment pools, and poolside coffee. Rio Water Park owns a modern mineral salt swimming pool system that harmoniously combines the garden and fresh air with a separate balcony overlooking the pool, giving visitors the feeling of being immersed in the sea air. fresh and cool. Rio Water Park also provides a unique system of utilities that not only serve the needs of entertainment, connection, love, and share moments but also aim to develop basic skills for young people with unique experiences. Practical experience of the study tour program such as a day as a farmer, a young agricultural engineer, a tour in green fields… Rio Water Park is the ideal destination for families and schools. learn to organize field trips Address: 699 provincial road 825, Hoa Khanh Dong commune, Duc Hoa, Long An Cat Tuong Phu Sinh Eco-tourism Area Located in the urban area – ecotourism Cat Tuong Phu Sinh, provincial road 9, My Hanh commune, Duc Hoa, Long An. From the center of Saigon, if you want to come here, you go straight through Truong Chinh Street to Xuyen A Street. Cat Tuong Phu Sinh is an ideal living space, bringing the past into the present, harmony between nature and people, between simplicity and modernity. The tourist area is more than 79 hectares wide, and is a complex urban area with full internal facilities with an ecological lake of up to 7 hectares as a giant natural air conditioner, helping to keep the air here fresh all year round. The resort is the perfect combination of traditional culture and modern facilities. Cat Tuong Phu Sinh Eco-tourism Area Besides the country markets with banyan trees, water wells, and interesting folk games are luxurious villas, modern architectures such as magnificent European-style fountains, bridges, etc. romantic love trains, are eye-catching bungalows. Come to Cat Tuong Phu Sinh eco-tourism area to experience and feel. Address: My Hanh, Duc Hoa, Long An Binh Thanh Historic Site Binh Thanh is a land with quite complex topography, belonging to Duc Hue district, Long An province. During the resistance war against the French colonialists, Binh Thanh was the base of the Cho Lon Provincial Party Committee and Zone 7 with the name “Dong Thanh Military Region”. Here, the provincial Party Committee led the revolutionary movement of the province until the day of complete victory. Around the Binh Thanh area, there are still many vestiges and landmarks that once reflected the operation of the Party Committee and the army and people of Long An during the two resistance wars. In 1998, the Ministry of Culture and Information recognized Binh Thanh Base as a National Historic Site. Binh Thanh Historic Site Experiencing two wars and the impact of nature and humans, up to now the Provincial Party Committee base area has changed quite a lot compared to the original. In Giong Ong You – where the Provincial Party Committee has been for the longest time, only traces of houses, offices, shelters, and dozens of large and small bomb craters remain. Somewhere around the Binh Thanh area, there are still many vestiges and landmarks that once reflected the operation of the Party Committee and the army and people of Long An during the two resistance wars. Address: Binh Hoa Hung Commune, Duc Hue, Long An Happy Land Although it has not been around for a long time, Happy Land has attracted many tourists because of the vastness and grandeur that this place brings. Coming here feels like you have just come to a miniature Vietnam. A place to exchange and combine cultures of all three regions of the North-Central South. Happy Land This place recreates famous Vietnamese architecture as well as regional culture. Not only that, the high-tech entertainment complex is also built equally modern to meet everyone’s entertainment needs. Moreover, Happy Land also owns old houses that were kept intact 200-300 years ago. These houses often appear in old Vietnamese movies. No need to go far, when you come here, you can admire the ancient beauty of One Pillar Pagoda in a 1:1 ratio, or the works in Hoi An ancient town, Ninh Thuan indigo tower, communal house in the Central Highlands, and the market. Currently, Happy Land Long An has become a destination that anyone cannot ignore. Address: Thanh Duc commune, Ben Luc district, Long An province. Related Article : Top 9 Best Hotels in Long An Long An is a tourist destination near the city suitable for weekends. You can freely visit and enjoy wonderful weekends with family and loved ones. Let’s explore Long An through the introduction of Vietnam Reviewer. Hopefully, the suggestions of the Vietnam Reviewer have brought you more interesting experiences. If you have any feedback or need help, please send an email through vietnamreviewer.contact@gmail.com ! Noted : All information and pictures are collected! Rate this post Để lại một bình luận Hủy Email của bạn sẽ không được hiển thị công khai. Các trường bắt buộc được đánh dấu * Bình luận * Tên * Email * Trang web Lưu tên của tôi, email, và trang web trong trình duyệt này cho lần bình luận kế tiếp của tôi. Booking.com Related Posts Top 15 Saigon Places to Visit: Your Ultimate Travel Guide Traveling to Tam Dao for the First Time (Tips & Tricks) Discover Hanoi Cuisine With 9 Delicious Dishes That You Should Try Once 3 common ways to move from Hanoi to Sapa that you should know Top Attractions for Ho Chi Minh What to See: Explore Saigon Like a Local Top 10 famous tourist attractions in Hoi An Experience going to Dong Sen Thap Muoi ecotourism area to check in thousands of people Home Where to go Place to stay What to eat How to get Thing to know Local tour Visas for Vietnam WooCommerce not Found Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest StumbleUpon Tumblr Blogger Myspace Delicious Yahoo Mail Gmail Newsvine Digg FriendFeed Buffer Reddit VKontakte Pin It on Pinterest