Title: Top 10 foods in Binh Duong - Scooter Saigon Tours
URL: https://scootersaigontour.com/top-10-foods-in-binh-duong/

Content with tag:
[P] Top 10 foods in Binh Duong – Top 10 delicious dishes that should not be missed when traveling to Binh Duong: Roasted cashew with salt (Hạt điều rang muối), Bloating fern – shaped cake with pigskin in Bun Market (Bánh bèo bì chợ Búng), Lai Thieu fruit (Hoa quả Lái Thiêu), Fried chicken with sticky rice (Gà quay xôi phồng), Grilled beef on tile (Bò nướng ngói), Shrimp rice noodle soup (Bún Tôm), Lai Thieu sour fermented meat (Nem Lái Thiêu), Mangosteen salad (Gỏi măng cụt), Beef hot pot with shrimp paste (Lẩu bò nhúng mắm ruốc), Pig’s tongue crab paste rice noodle soup (Bún riêu lưỡi),…
[P] Top 10 foods in Binh Thuan
[P] Binh Duong is a rich land, there are many kinds of fruits and delicious dishes, visitors when coming here fall in love, each locality has its own unique flavor. Coming to Binh Duong, visitors will surely hear mention of the famous Bung Market bloating fern – shaped cake or the unique Cu Chi duck salad congee. The delicious dishes here make visitors difficult to be able to refuse. Here we would like to introduce to you the famous delicious dishes in Binh Duong to help you have an overview of the cuisine here and love this beautiful land more.
[P] Coming to Binh Duong, you will enjoy countless delicious dishes.
[P] Table of Contents
[H2] 1. Roasted cashew with salt (Hạt điều rang muối)
[P] Binh Duong cashews have a sweet, greasy taste, which is very good for people with physical weakness. Roasted cashew nut is a famous brand of Binh Duong, with top quality, high nutritional value, which is preferred by many people.
[P] Binh Duong cashews have a sweet, greasy taste.
[H2] 2. Bloating fern – shaped cake with pigskin in Bun Market (Bánh bèo bì chợ Búng)
[P] This is one of the most famous delicious dishes in Binh Duong, loved by locals and tourists alike.Whether the cake is delicious or not, depens on the processing of the pork skin. The mixture of pork and pork skin is thinly sliced, adding seasoning to taste. Pork is delicious thigh meat, roasted until golden and then stewed with coconut water, the meat is sweet and soft, extremely attractive.
[P] Whether the cake is delicious or not, depens on the processing of the pork skin.
[H2] 3. Lai Thieu fruit (Hoa quả Lái Thiêu)
[P] Visitors coming to Lai Thieu fruit garden will enjoy the fresh and cool air, enjoy a lot of delicious fruits such as mangosteen, durian, rambutan, jackfruit, breast milk,…
[P] Visitors coming to Lai Thieu fruit garden will enjoy the fresh and cool air, enjoy a lot of delicious fruits.
[H2] 4. Fried chicken with sticky rice (Gà quay xôi phồng)
[P] There are many types of sticky rice, including sticky rice with black beans, green beans, peanuts, sticky rice with gac. Each plate of big, round, crispy fried sticky rice is placed next to a plate of roasted chicken, so fragrant that anyone who sees it wants to try it. Visitors to Binh Duong should not miss the opportunity to enjoy this unique delicious dish.There are many types of sticky rice, including sticky rice with black beans, green beans, peanuts, sticky rice with gac. Each plate of big, round, crispy fried sticky rice is placed next to a plate of roasted chicken, so fragrant that anyone who sees it wants to try it. Visitors to Binh Duong should not miss the opportunity to enjoy this unique delicious dish.
[P] Each plate of big, round and crispy fried sticky rice is placed next to a plate of greasy, fragrant roasted chicken.
[H2] 5. Grilled beef on tile (Bò nướng ngói)
[P] Grilled beef on tile is one of the famous delicious dishes in Binh Duong, with a very special flavor, cooked by the heat of the tile on the stove. When eating grilled beef with tile, it is indispensable for rice paper and herbs to roll. Herbs have varieties such as perilla, sliced green banana, star fruit, and cucumber. Wrapping all the ingredients in a piece of rice paper, dipping them in a bowl of fish sauce and enjoying the unique flavor of smoked grilled beef, this will be an interesting experience for you.
[P] Grilled beef on tile is cooked by the heat of the tile on the stove, having a very special flavor.
[H2] 6. Shrimp rice noodle soup (Bún Tôm)
[P] Shrimp rice noodle soup in Binh Duong does not use ready-made rice noodles, but when there are customers, the seller starts pressing rice flour and steaming it in a pot of boiling water, so the noodles here are soft, small and clear, not sour at all. Shrimp meat is fresh, both firm and sweet. People often eat shrimp rice noodles with grilled rice paper, the broth has a sweet taste, scallions are fragrant, the shrimp rice noodles are simple but attractive.
[P] Shrimp rice noodle soup in Binh Duong do not use ready-made rice noodles.
[H2] 7. Lai Thieu sour fermented meat (Nem Lái Thiêu)
[P] Lai Thieu sour fermented meat is handmade, the main ingredient is fresh lean thigh meat, removed all the fat veins, sliced ​​largely, wiped dry, put in a mortar, and marinated with spices. . The cooked pork skin is drained, then chopped into fine fibers. Neck fat is also boiled, drained, chopped into small pieces, and seasoned with sugar. Stir-fry the fat above with fragrant garlic, finally mix the meat, pork skin and neck fat until thoroughly mixed. People use banana leaves to wrap sour fermented meat. After three days, they can eat sour fermented meat, the sour taste of fermented meat is extremely attractive.
[P] Lai Thieu sour fermented meat is handmade, the main ingredient is fresh lean thigh meat.
[H2] 8. Mangosteen salad (Gỏi măng cụt)
[P] Binh Duong people often use mangosteen to make salad for guests. Usually, the mangosteen fruit is still green, the inside is just ripe, so the dish is crispy, sweet, and has a moderate sour taste. The unique way of processing creates an attractive dish, making visitors eat once and remember forever.
[P] Binh Duong people often use mangosteen to make salad for guests.
[H2] 9. Beef hot pot with shrimp paste (Lẩu bò nhúng mắm ruốc)
[P] This is a famous dish in Binh Duong; it is great if you enjoy the hot pot of beef dipped in shrimp paste on a chilly day. The highlight of the hot pot dish is shrimp paste and broth. People eat hot pot with rice noodles, vegetables and dipped beef; the more they eat, the more delicious they become. The distinctive taste of shrimp paste, the aroma of lemongrass and the richness of fried fat make visitors extremely excited.
[P] Beef hot pot dipped in shrimp paste is a famous dish in Binh Duong.
[H2] 10. Pig’s tongue crab paste rice noodle soup (Bún riêu lưỡi)
[P] Pig’s tongue is curled up and cooked like char siu. It is eaten with shrimp paste and vermicelli. Pig’s tongue is soft, flexible, with a bit of toughness. It is mixed with the typical salty, sour and spicy taste of shrimp paste, creating a very unique flavor that everyone loves.
[P] Pig’s tongue crab paste rice noodle soup.
[P] The famous delicious dishes in Binh Duong somewhat hold the footsteps of tourists. That is one of the factors that make tourists from far away want to come here to visit and explore. In Binh Duong, there are also many delicious rustic dishes, imbued with local cultural beauties. I hope that on your upcoming trip, you will spend more time exploring and experiencing interesting things here. . Wish you have a happy and fulfilling trip.
[H4] Related Posts
[H4] About The Author
[P] Hi everybody! I would like to say thank you for reading my blogs whether you are planning your trip to Vietnam, expats who live and work in the country, students and researchers who would like to find information about Vietnam, especially Vietnamese culture, foodies who are interested in delicious Vietnamese foods and recipes and others.

My friends call me Tracy and I am living in Ho Chi Minh City. Having a huge passion for travel and a master's degree of Information Technology, I have launched some travel projects including Athena Travel Vietnam, Vietnam Trip Advice, Hidden Travel Vietnam, OXO Tour, Scooter Saigon Tour, Ao Dai Saigon Food Tour after graduating from abroad. Thousands of trav
elers use our services and 99% of them are satisfied.

What are my hobbies? Traveling, going to pagodas, museums and studying beautiful architectural works, visit tourist attractions. I have loved writing since I was a child. Writing blogs as well as sharing travel tips, tourist attractions and lots of hidden places are my top thing to do with my free time.

Why are my blogs different from others? Ease of reading is the number one highlight. I have tried my best to use simple structures and vocabulary so that readers feel comfortable and convenient and find it easy to read. You may tend to read articles and blogs written by journalists of famous travel magazines, newspapers, travel websites or big travelers who travel around the world and have their own blogs. My blogs are written by a local so that you have a chance to learn more about less-known things, untold tips, hidden gems and foods.

If you like my blogs, just share it on your social media. If you have any question relating to Vietnam, just comment or contact me via live chat, email, WhatsApp, Facebook. If you are going to travel to Vietnam, give our team a chance to show you Ho Chi Minh City and South Vietnam. Tracy's team can handle all of your needs including Ho Chi Minh city tours, Ho Chi Minh scooter (motorbike) tours, Ho Chi Minh food tours, Saigon unseen tours, Mekong Delta tours, Cu Chi Tunnels Tour, Ho Chi Minh City transfer services, Ho Chi Minh City shore excursions.
[H3] Leave a ReplyCancel Reply
[P] Δ