Title: Top 10 best things to do in Nghe An , Top 10 free things to do in Nghe An
URL: https://vietnamoriginal-travel.com/news/top-10-things-to-do-in-nghe-an/

Content:
Top 10 best things to do in Nghe An , Top 10 free things to do in Nghe An Blog type? News Travel Guide Gastronomy Culture Search blog Top 10 best things to do in Nghe An Nghe An , a province located in the central region of Vietnam , is an amazing destination in Vietnam that's not to be missed! This province is truly a hidden gem - from visiting beautiful beaches to immersing yourself in ecological regions, exposing to local culture, and discovering other breathtaking natural views. With so many things to see and do, it may be difficult to pick what to do in Nghe An . In order to help you make the most out of your visit, we've made a list of the top 10 best things you should do when traveling to Nghe An province . So read this article to prepare for your trip of a lifetime! 1. Sea Bathing at Cua Lo Beach, Nghe An Heading 16 km Northeast from Vinh, Cua Lo Beach is an essential stop on any tour traveling to Nghe An Vietnam . Coming here, you’ll have a chance to soak up the sun, swim in the beautiful turquoise waves, and lie down on the white sandy beaches that stretch over 10km. Other activities on the beach that can be mentioned are wind surfing, riding a water motorbike or a jetski. The beach is also famous for many restaurants that serve fresh and delicious seafood such as squids, crabs, tamarind, oysters, which is highly recommended for all food lovers. It’s a good idea to settle in a restaurant and enjoy a beer with friends while feeling the cool breeze from the sea and watching the ships in the distance. The best time to visit Nghe An province is between June and September, as the beach would become deserted during the winter months. Source: Wikipedia 2. Visiting Ho Chi Minh's Homeland in Nghe An Kim Lien Nghe An - Uncle Ho’s birthplace is always one of the most famous Nghe An attractions that draw numerous tourists all year round. Coming here, you can discover historical, and cultural space, artifacts and documents about the childhood of President Ho Chi Minh and his family. First, visitors can take a stroll around the village to learn more about the simple architecture of a traditional Vietnamese village and beautiful scenery, with lush green fields and lotus ponds. Coming in May if you want to watch the fully bloomed lotus ponds and enjoy a pleasant feeling coming from the fragrant aroma of lotus. It is highly recommended for visitors who want to escape the hustle and bustle of the city, and discover the authentic Vietnam . Source: Baodantoc From there, you can come to Ho Chi Minh’s home as it is carefully preserved by the locals. You can see some of his personal belongings, and learn more about his life and journey to become a national hero. The village also has a museum nearby that served as the childhood home of Uncle Ho. It consists of bamboo wattle walls and palm-leaf thatch roofs that are inspired by the original design. 3. Hiking in Pu Mat National Park, Nghe An For those interested in activities such as trekking , hiking, and immersing yourself in nature, we suggest adding Pu Mat National Park to your itinerary. Pu Mat National Park is a vast and also a world biosphere reserve located in the western part of Nghe An province . It is known for its diverse range of flora and fauna, including rare and endangered species such as the white-cheeked gibbon and the Indochinese tiger. This national park is a complex of a main area covering 94,000 hectares and a buffer area covering 100,000 hectares. Visitors to the park can book a tour to hike through the lush forests, discover rare animal species, admire the stunning panoramic views and truly lose themselves in nature. Source: Local Vietnam When coming to Pu Mat National Park, you’ll get to witness the majestic and poetic beauty of the Khe Kem waterfall, which is known as a gift that nature has bestowed on this place. The waterfall’s height is about 500 meters, with an 800-meter slope, causing the water to pour down strongly, constantly flow all year round. 4. Lost in the beauty of Sunflower Field in Nghe An Coming to the North of Nghe An Vietnam , you will reach a 100-hectare field of sunflowers, which is the largest sunflower field in Vietnam. This new Nghe An tourist destination has continued to attract both domestic and foreign tourists for its romantic experience since its opening. The best time for you to come here is from April to May or November to December, the time when these flowers blossom, giving visitors the pleasant feeling of a getaway spot, forgetting all the worries. Source: Vietnam Tourism 5. Reaching the top of Quyet Mountain Heading towards the South of Nghe An Vietnam , you will see Quyet Mountain. The location consists of an impressive collection of historical and cultural artifacts, as well as relaxing options such as small cafes, restaurants, hotels,... You just have to climb over 400 steps if you start at the bottom and hike to the top. It is also available to use motorbikes and bicycles. When you reach the top of the mountain, you will get a glimpse of the bustling life of Vinh City. You can see the rivers, farmlands, green forests and high buildings. This makes the mountain become a popular place for both residents and tourists to unwind and enjoy the panoramic view of Quyet Mountain. Source: Vietnam Destinations 6. Exploring Lan Chau Island Recently, Lan Chau Island has been developed as a must-visit Nghe An attraction , welcoming visitors from all over the country and foreigners to explore the unspoiled beauty of the island. It is located right next to the coast of Cua Lo Beach and about 20 km from the center of Nghe An province . From afar, the island looks like a giant frog stretching out to the sea so it was named "Ru Coc Island" by the locals. Source: Nghe an Gov To the east part of the island, you can see a variety of rock formations with unique shapes stretching towards the sea. Coming here, tourists can have the best experience while watching the tide come in, the white clouds floating in the sky, and breathing in the fresh air of the sea. Visitors' hearts were captured by poetic, serene, and wild scenery. 7. Discovering the Pristine Beauty of Quynh Beach Quynh Beach is located in a small district of Nghe An province , so the area is not visited by many travelers, or even known to them. Because of that, it becomes an ideal place for visitors who seek new experiences and want to explore every corner of Nghe An Province . It has unspoiled beauty with clear blue water mixed with natural stones, along the white sand coast. Quynh Beach is a harmonious combination of beautiful caves on one side and the sea on the other, creating an attractive tourist destination of Nghe An. To fully experience the beauty of Quynh beach, tourists can rent a boat or canoe to visit the Dragon Eye cave at the foot of Dragon Mountain, in Quynh Nghia commune, or the Mui Trau cave, a cave that opens out to the sea. Source: Tapchidulich 8. Relaxing at Dien Chau Beach Dien Chau Beach lies in the Dien Chau district in Nghe An , about 40km from Vinh city center. Dien Chau Beach is unique because of its smooth and quiet waves, unlike the other vibrant and bustling beaches. This is what makes it highly recommended when it comes to a  summertime relaxation and bathing spot for many tourists. Source: Lu hanh Vietnam When dawn comes, the beach becomes sparkling and full of life. At this time, you will have the opportunity to witness the beauty of the hard-working fishermen on Dien Thanh beach. Far out to the sea, boats return with heavy fish and shrimp caught by fishermen, and streams of pulsing light saturated the surface with a golden haze, making an unforgettable scene. 9. Discovering the Dao Che green tea islands Located about 50 km west of Vinh city in Nghe An province (close to the border with Laos), are Dao Che green tea islands. Dao Che Green Tea islands are perfectly rounded hills, each with rows and rows of green tea plants. Source: Pexels To reach the islands, it is recommended to take a boat in around 20 minutes. You can top on a few islands to discover the stunning fields and enjoy the pure fresh atmosphere of green tea. Take this as a great opportunity to capture the beautiful scenery, and try picking the leaves. Another interesting activity is to try renting some traditional clothes and dressing like a local for taking pictures to make the most of your experience here. 10.  Savoring the Local Cuisine of Nghe An Province It’s a must to try Nghe An’s local cuisine . Nghe An province has plenty of local delicacies that are delicious and addictive. Every visitor coming to Nghe An province will be introduced with eel soup. Unlike ordinary soups, Nghe An eel soup is not made with flour, resulting in a thin soup similar to water. The dish includes vermicelli noodles and cooked eel. The taste is always slightly spicy without using any fancy seasoning to keep the original fresh taste. Source: AloneWalker Each spoonful of eel soup will give food lovers an addictive taste while eating and inhaling the spicy aroma of pepper, and the sweetness of spiced eel meat. Some of the other most famous local foods you can try are Do Luong rice paper and Banh Muot. In conclusion, Nghe An province is a must-visit destination for those who want to have an unforgettable and authentic travel experience and explore more about Vietnam highlights . So get ready to pack your bags and don't hesitate to book your trip to Nghe An today ! Other post Top 10 best things to do in Quy Nhon city Top 10 best things to do in Can Tho Are 2 weeks in Vietnam enough ? How can I spend 10 days in Vietnam ? How to organize a tour to Vietnam? Things to Do for 15-Day Itinerary in Vietnam How many days are ideal for Vietnam ? Top 10 best excursions from Saigon Top 10 excursions & tours from Hanoi Top 10 best excursions from Hanoi Other post Top 10 best things to do in Quy Nhon city Top 10 best things to do in Can Tho Are 2 weeks in Vietnam enough ? How can I spend 10 days in Vietnam ? How to organize a tour to Vietnam? Things to Do for 15-Day Itinerary in Vietnam How many days are ideal for Vietnam ? Top 10 best excursions from Saigon Top 10 excursions & tours from Hanoi Top 10 best excursions from Hanoi Travelers talk about us ... Met perfectly our high immersion expectations: Unforgettable trip! Found this trip organiser on forums/websites and thank to some very good reviews, my friend and I were looking to discover the Vietnamese's Read more Had an amazing holiday thanks to VOT I was referred by a friend to Mr. Ha Nguyen at Vietnam Original Travel - Hanoi Branch and I’m so very very pleased that I was Read more Well organised tour We pre-booked a short trip around Northern Vietnam with Vietnam Original tours. They responded very quickly to email and were very helpful Read more And we are recommended Testimonials Channel videos Instagram Tripadvisor Winner - Certificate of Excellence × New message Google Map