Title: THE BEST 15 Things To Do in Ho Chi Minh City | Attractions & Activities - Viator
URL: https://www.viator.com/en-IN/Ho-Chi-Minh-City/d352

Content:
THE BEST 15 Things To Do in Ho Chi Minh City | Attractions & Activities - Viator Skip to main content Things to do in Ho Chi Minh City Don’t miss Saigon Abuzz with city lights and the constant thrum of traffic, Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC) looks entirely cosmopolitan at first glance—dive deeper, though, and you’ll find ancient palaces, traditional crafts, and a human history that goes back thousands of years. The best things to do in Ho Chi Minh City vary by traveler, as the city’s attractions are as diverse as those who visit. Whether you want epic street food and cold beers on plastic stools or luxe spas and fine dining, this Southeast Asia hot spot can do it all. Why you are seeing these recommendations Top 15 attractions in Ho Chi Minh City #1 5.0 ( 79,511 ) Cu Chi Tunnels Built by the Viet Cong in the 1940s as protection from French air raids during the Indochina conflict, the Cu Chi Tunnels extend underground for more than 155 miles (250 kilometers) in the vicinity of Ho Chi Minh City alone. This network of tunnels later provided vital access to and strategic control over the rural areas surrounding the city during the Vietnam War (also known as the Second Indochina War or the American War). ... More #2 5.0 ( 7,446 ) Saigon Notre Dame Cathedral (Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Saïgon) Saigon Notre Dame Cathedral (Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Saïgon) boasts a striking red façade and towering stone arches constructed with materials imported from France in the 1800s. But its architecture isn’t the only draw. In 2005, visitors reported seeing a tear flow from the eye of a statue of the Virgin Mary here, making it a destination for Catholics on a religious pilgrimage. ... More #3 5.0 ( 7,441 ) War Remnants Museum (Bao Tang Chung Tich Chien Tranh) A must-visit when in Vietnam, Ho Chi Minh City’s War Remnants Museum (Bảo Tàng Chứng Tích Chiến Tranh) is a poignant reminder of the horrors of war. The grounds house American planes, tanks, helicopters, and weaponry captured during the Vietnam War. Pictorial displays cover everything from the My Lai Massacre to the traumas of Agent Orange and the work of war correspondents. ... More #4 5.0 ( 8,752 ) Saigon Central Post Office The design of Ho Chi Minh City’s Central Post Office, completed in 1891, mimics an old-world European railway station with soaring ceilings and a giant clock face. These rich details lead travelers to pause and soak up the brilliant interior of this architectural landmark, which includes hand-painted maps of the old city. ... More #5 5.0 ( 6,577 ) Reunification Palace (Independence Palace) Originally developed by the French in 1868 to commemorate the establishment of the colony of Indochina, the Reunification Palace (formerly Independence Palace) as it stands today was built during the 1960s. Known in Vietnamese as Dinh Độc Lập or Dinh Thống Nhất, it was most famously the symbolic site of the liberation of Saigon by communist forces that reunited the nation on April 30, 1975. ... More #6 5.0 ( 10,730 ) Saigon Opera House (Opéra de Saïgon) The Saigon Opera House (Opéra de Saïgon), aka Ho Chi Minh City Theater (Nhà Hát Thành Phố Hồ Chí Minh), is a landmark piece of French colonial architecture. (Saigon was the colonial name for Ho Chi Minh City.) Built in 1897, it is home to the Ho Chi Minh City Ballet and Symphony Orchestra, but is best known for evening cultural shows, such as A O and Teh Dar. ... More #7 5.0 ( 13,713 ) Ben Thanh Market (Cho Ben Thanh) Right in the heart of Ho Chi Minh City is the Ben Thanh Market (Chợ Bến Thành). More than a place to go shopping, the market is also an architectural landmark, a center of local Vietnamese life and commerce, and a meeting point all rolled into one. ... More #8 5.0 ( 2,692 ) Thien Hau Temple (Chua Ba Thien Hau) Thien Hau Temple (Chùa Bà Thiên Hậu), built by Cantonese immigrants in the early 19th century, pays tribute to Thien Hau (sometimes called Mazu), goddess of the sea and protector of seafarers. Situated on a busy street in Ho Chi Minh City’s Chinatown, the active temple displays intricate porcelain dioramas from Chinese mythology both inside and out. ... More #9 5.0 ( 3,555 ) Jade Emperor Pagoda Ho Chi Minh City’s Jade Emperor Pagoda is considered to be one of the city’s finest temples. It’s dedicated to the Taoist Jade Emperor Chua Ngoc Hoang, but Buddhist elements can also be seen. Its nickname is the Tortoise Pagoda, because of the many tortoises that live in the grounds. It’s a must-see attraction in HCMC. ... More #10 5.0 ( 14,098 ) Cholon (Saigon Chinatown) Cholon (Saigon Chinatown) is Ho Chi Minh City’s Chinese quarter, and the largest in Vietnam. It’s full of Chinese Buddhist temples, as well as other religious buildings and markets. It contrasts with much of the rest of the city, with its narrow streets and varied architectural styles. This is a great place to come to see a different side of Ho Chi Minh City. ... More #11 5.0 ( 1,881 ) Saigon Skydeck A high-speed elevator inside the Bitexco Financial Center zips travelers up 49 floors to a glass observation deck ribbed with neon lights. Visitors say views from Saigon Skydeck are some of the best in Ho Chi Minh, offering a 360-degree bird’s-eye view of Ben Thanh Market and Notre Dame Cathedral, among other city icons. ... More #12 5.0 ( 2,744 ) Saigon River (Song Sai Gon) The Saigon River (Sông Sài Gòn), the fast-flowing main artery of Ho Chi Minh City, is flanked by both modern skyscrapers and rural villages that give insight into old Vietnamese traditions. Used by locals to escape the urban bustle, the riverbanks are dotted with picnic benches and greenery, making for a pleasant refuge from the metropolitan mania of Saigon. ... More #13 5.0 ( 1,117 ) Dong Khoi Street (Duong Dong Khoi) Dong Khoi Street (Đường Đồng Khởi), with its elite boutiques, French architecture, and trendy cafés, is the premier commercial center of the city andthe place to see and be seen. Stores range from high-quality silk sellers to high-end luxury brands. City highlights such as Notre Dame Cathedral and the Central Post Office are both within easy walking distance. ... More #14 5.0 ( 569 ) Bach Dang Wharf (Ben Bach Dang) Fronting the Saigon River in the heart of downtown Ho Chi Minh City, Bach Dang Wharf (Bến Bạch Đằng is so much more than just a jumpoff point for river cruises and water buses. A landscaped circular garden forms the centerpiece of a waterfront promenade with street eats as well as more upscale dining. ... More #15 5.0 ( 1,881 ) Bitexco Financial Tower One of Vietnam’s tallest buildings, the Bitexco Financial Tower dominates Ho Chi Minh City’s skyline—its unusual tapering structure pierced by a circular observation deck and helipad. Designed by the American architect Carlos Zapata, the 68-floor building offers sweeping views across the city. ... More See more Ho Chi Minh City attractions Explore Ho Chi Minh City by interest Tours, Sightseeing & Cruises Art & Culture Outdoor Activities Food & Drink Tickets & Passes Classes & Workshops Seasonal & Special Occasions Unique Experiences Travel & Transportation Services Trip ideas 7 Must-See Ho Chi Minh City Neighborhoods and How To Visit Go beyond the phở. Jacqueline Kehoe Visiting Ho Chi Minh City for the First Time? Here's What To See and Do Vietnam’s biggest city offers a collision of eras—and a wild list of things to do. Jacqueline Kehoe Water Puppet Shows in Ho Chi Minh City Zoë Smith Mekong River Cruises From Ho Chi Minh City Zoë Smith Vietnam War History Tours in Ho Chi Minh City The Vietnam War—or the American War as it was known in Vietnam—remains one of the most significant events in Vietnamese history, and the region surrounding Ho Chi Minh City sat at the heart of the conflict. Learn more about the city’s war history on a guided tour with these options. Zoë Smith See all Ho Chi Minh City articles Itineraries for your Ho Chi Minh City trip 1 Day in Ho Chi Minh City for First Timers 2 Days in Ho Chi Minh City for First Timers 3 Days in Ho Chi Minh City for First Timers Top activities in Ho Chi Minh City 4.9 ( 6,451 ) Cu Chi Tunnels and Mekong Delta VIP Tour by Limousine Free Cancellation English 10 hours from ₹5,140 Price varies by group size 4.9 ( 14,025 ) Cu Chi Tunnels Luxury Tour - Morning or Afternoon Free Cancellation English 7 hours from ₹1,405 Price varies by group size 4.9 ( 958 ) Ho Chi Minh City Private Half-Day Tour by U.S Army Jeep Free Cancellation English 4 hours from ₹6,241 Price varies by group size 4.7 ( 6,444 ) Mekong Delta Small-Group Tour from Ho Chi Minh City Free Cancellation English 8 hours from ₹1,661 Price varies by group size 5.0 ( 7,954 ) Ho Chi Minh City Street Food Tour By Motorbike or Walking Free Cancellation English 4 hours from ₹2,197 4.9 ( 1,723 ) VIP Tour to The History of Cu Chi Tunnels by Speed Boat Free Cancellation English 6 hours from ₹7,647 Price varies by group size Likely to Sell Out 4.9 ( 1,192 ) Small-Group Mekong Delta Day Trip: Boat Ride, Cottages & Pagoda Free Cancellation English 9 to 10 hours from ₹4,219 Price varies by group size 5.0 ( 2,776 ) Private Street Food Evening Walking Tour in Ho Chi Minh City Free Cancellation English 4 hours from ₹4,307 4.8 ( 5,701 ) Cu Chi Tunnels and Mekong Delta Small-Group Tour Free Cancellation English 11 hours from ₹3,061 Price varies by group size 4.9 ( 252 ) Best of Private Ho Chi Minh City Shore Excursion from Cruise Port Free Cancellation English 8 to 12 hours from ₹10,108 Price varies by group size Likely to Sell Out 4.5 ( 412 ) Saigon River Dinner Cruise: Buffet, Set Menu, Fine Dining (3hrs) Free Cancellation English 3 to 4 hours from ₹4,395 Price varies by group size 4.9 ( 5,393 ) Cu Chi Tunnels and Mekong Delta Full Day Tour Free Cancellation English 11 hours from ₹4,921 Price varies by group size Likely to Sell Out 4.8 ( 597 ) Small-group Saigon City Tour: 4-Hour Must-see Iconic Landmarks Free Cancellation English 4 to 5 hours from ₹2,637 Price varies by group size 4.9 ( 5,772 ) Cu Chi Tunnels Small Group Tour Morning or Afternoon Free Cancellation English 7 hours from ₹1,405 Price varies by group size 4.9 ( 1,102 ) Premium Cu Chi Tunnels Tour with Local Expert Free Cancellation English 6 hours from ₹7,647 4.9 ( 1,082 ) Cu Chi Ben Duoc Tunnels: Authentic & Less Touristy (Max 10) Free Cancellation English 6 to 7 hours from ₹1,779 Price varies by group size 4.9 ( 337 ) Private Full Day Tour of Ho Chi Minh City including Lunch Free Cancellation English 8 hours from ₹7,432 Price varies by group size 5.0 ( 2,099 ) Top Notch Street Food Motorbike Tour In Ho Chi Minh City Free Cancellation English 4 hours from ₹2,373 Price varies by group size 4.9 ( 71 ) Luxury Speedboat from Ho Chi Minh city to Cu Chi Tunnels Free Cancellation English 8 hours from ₹6,802 4.9 ( 2,701 ) Cu Chi Tunnels & Mekong Delta - Boat, Tuk Tuk Small Group Tour Free Cancellation English 11 hours from ₹3,061 Price varies by group size See all Ho Chi Minh City tours Explore our promoted experiences 4.9 ( 123 ) Cu Chi tunnel & Mekong Combined In One Day Tour Excursion Free Cancellation English 10 hours from ₹6,153 Price varies by group size 5.0 ( 1,083 ) Afternoon Saigon Unseen Adventure by Scooter |Opt: Ao Dai Riders Free Cancellation English 4 hours from ₹2,197 4.9 ( 120 ) VIP Mekong Delta Adventure Cycling-Kayak-Cooking 1Day Group 10Pax Free Cancellation English 8 to 9 hours from ₹3,779 Price varies by group size 5.0 ( 1,069 ) From Saigon Cuchi Tunnels & Mekong Delta Full Day Small Group Free Cancellation English 9 hours 40 minutes from ₹3,955 Price varies by group size Likely to Sell Out 5.0 ( 2,386 ) Cu Chi Tunnels and Mekong Delta 1 Day Tour With Small Group Free Cancellation English 12 hours from ₹6,592 5.0 ( 96 ) Saigon Night Walking local Street Food Tour with local Student Free Cancellation English 4 hours from ₹3,428 4.9 ( 958 ) Ho Chi Minh City Private Half-Day Tour by U.S Army Jeep Free Cancellation English 4 hours from ₹6,241 Price varies by group size 4.9 ( 5,393 ) Cu Chi Tunnels and Mekong Delta Full Day Tour Free Cancellation English 11 hours from ₹4,921 Price varies by group size All about Ho Chi Minh City Local Currency Vietnamese Dong (₫) Time Zone ICT (+8) Attractions 35 Tours 2,350 Reviews 166,443 When to visit Vietnam’s capital is almost always hot—you’ll just want to visit when it’s less hot. And though rains can cool the city off, you’ll probably also want to avoid the monsoon season, when the roads flood so often that locals just drive through ankle-high water. That leaves January and February as the best time to visit, which also coincides with Lunar New Year, or Tet. The city comes alive in reds and golds before going quiet in celebration. Getting around To get around Ho Chi Minh City like a local, rent a motorbike. Dozens of shops offer this service for tourists, though it’s not recommended for biking beginners. Then there are xe oms , essentially locals on motorbikes who you can flag down and haggle a price for a ride. Increasing in price, there are taxis—but only certain brands, like Vinasun and Mai Linh, are considered trustworthy. And, of course, some travelers get around via private driver. If you fly into Tân Sơn Nhất International Airport, you have several options for reaching downtown. Ride hailing is the most convenient method. Vinasun taxis are white with red and green stripes while Mai Linh taxis are bright green. If you prefer a rideshare service, download the Grab app. It’s like Uber, but is more popular in Southeast Asia. The app will instruct you where to go for pickup. Traveler tips District 1’s Ben Thanh Market is great, and you should certainly visit it. But it’s where the tourists go, and so many other markets will give you a more interesting—and cheaper—experience. Tan Dinh Market is a nice D1 alternative, and in Cho Lon (aka Chinatown), there’s Binh Tay Market, which is a full-on sensory look into Chinese-Vietnamese culture. Wherever you go, don’t be afraid to haggle. For the best bird’s eye views of the city, head to the observation decks at Landmark 81. Featuring 81 floors, this skyscraper is the country’s tallest building. Even if you’re afraid of heights and don’t want to ride the elevator to the top, it’s still worth visiting for its upscale restaurants and shopping. en 5443a587-7813-46bb-a0fb-b3ace116d9a9 attraction_list People Also Ask Q: What is special about Ho Chi Minh City? A: Formerly Saigon, Ho Chi Minh City is Vietnam's commercial capital. Amid the hubbub, pagodas and temples provide pockets of calm, while the food scene runs from street eats to international fine dining via craft beer. In terms of entertainment, the city is proud of its Saigon Opera House (known as the Municipal Theatre), and as for art museums, its crown jewel is the Ho Chi Minh City Museum of Fine Arts. If you're interested in local history, don't miss the imposing Reunification Palace (Independence Palace) . Meanwhile, popular Ho Chi Minh City day trips include the Cu Chi Tunnels , the floating markets, and the Mekong Delta . Q: How many days do you need in Ho Chi Minh? A: Ho Chi Minh City has fairly few must-see sights, although the War Remnants Museum , which tells the story of the Vietnam War as well as other conflicts in the country's history, is world class. If you are short on time and not into food or nightlife, two days in Ho Chi Minh City should be enough, including a side trip to the tunnels, although it's easy to spend longer. If you do have more than two days, consider visiting the Saigon Notre Dame Cathedral and its neighbor, the Saigon Central Post Office . Both landmark buildings speak to the French colonial period and are free to visit. Q: Is Ho Chi Minh City safe for tourists? A: Yes. Pickpocketing, taxi scams, and bag snatching are not uncommon, but violent crime is rare. Many tourists die or are injured while riding motorbikes. Only rent a scooter if you have a valid license and medical insurance, and always wear a helmet. It is illegal to drive with any alcohol in your blood. Q: Should I call it Saigon or Ho Chi Minh? A: Both are fine. Saigon was founded in 1698. After North Vietnamese forces reunified Vietnam in 1975, it was renamed Ho Chi Minh City to honor the deceased wartime leader, Ho Chi Minh. It is called Ho Chi Minh City in all official contexts but the name Saigon is still commonly used. Q: Is Ho Chi Minh City worth visiting? A: If you are exploring southern Vietnam or are on a long trip in Vietnam then, yes, Ho Chi Minh City is worth visiting. But it takes at least a week to scratch the surface of each of Vietnam’s three main regions (northern, central, and southern), so many travelers choose to focus on just one. Q: What city is better: Hanoi or Ho Chi Minh? A: For most travelers, Hanoi is better than Ho Chi Minh City. It is better preserved and more walkable with a UNESCO World Heritage Site, although it can be very cool in winter. Ho Chi Minh City is the best choice for fans of high-end and high-energy nightlife, and it has a tropical climate. More Tours in Ho Chi Minh City Half-day Tours Airport & Hotel Transfers Tuk Tuk Tours Multi-day Tours ATV Tours Cooking Classes Tours, Sightseeing & Cruises Lunch Cruises Wine, Beer & Spirits Vespa, Scooter & Moped Tours Hop on Hop Off Buses Private Transfers Things to do near Ho Chi Minh City Things to do in Motobu-cho Things to do in Vung Tau Things to do in Ben Tre Things to do in Cai Be Things to do in Can Tho Things to do in Phan Thiet Things to do in Kratie Things to do in Phnom Penh Things to do in Buon Ma Thuot Things to do in Phu Quoc Things to do in Nha Trang Things to do in Sihanoukville Things to do in Angkor Wat Things to do in Siem Reap Popular on Viator Statue of Liberty The White House Antelope Canyon Hoover Dam Alcatraz Stonehenge Auschwitz-Birkenau Memorial and Museum Beverly Hills Colosseum Washington Monument San Diego Zoo Space Needle Eiffel Tower Pearl Harbor National Memorial Empire State Building Art Institute of Chicago Aquarium of the Pacific Blue Lagoon Burj Khalifa Metropolitan Museum of Art (The Met)