Title: Top 10 Places to Visit in Tiền Giang - TNK Travel
URL: https://www.tnktravel.com/blogs/top-10-places-visit-tien-giang/

Content:
Top 10 Places to Visit in Tiền Giang - TNK Travel Top 10 Places to Visit in Tiền Giang Home Travel Blog Apr 27, 2023 1,541 Tiền Giang is a province in the Mekong Delta, and as it’s easy and not too far to reach there by bus/coach or bike, the place is chosen to appear in daily Mekong Delta Tours which are very common among both domestic and international travelers. It’s stated that there are plenty of fascinating destinations with activities deserving to be tried out in Tiền Giang, so it’s to be regretted that you come back from some Mekong Delta tour without a visit to this land. If you are in Ho Chi Minh City – the metropolitan city of Vietnam, don’t miss a day excursion to discover the beauty and attraction of the province, e.g. temples, pagodas, snake farms, parks, markets, or traditional villages. 1. Vĩnh Tràng Pagoda Vĩnh Tràng Pagoda is one of the well-known religious sites in the Mekong Delta. The pagoda dates back around 100 years, and was designed in a unique architectural style. It’s believed that the structure is a blend of the Oriental and Occidental styles, especially influenced by the ones of France, Thailand, Myanma, Khmer, and Malaysia. Upon arrival at Vĩnh Tràng Pagoda, you might be overwhelmed by its elegant and delicate outer appearance. The garden surrounding the pagoda is also ideal to walk around and soak up the calm and quiet. Additionally, fairly near Ho Chi Minh City – the central city of Vietnam, the destination is almost a must-have part of any traveler to the Mekong Delta. Address: Nguyễn Trung Trực Street, Mỹ Tho City, Tiền Giang Province vinh trang pagoda 2. Cái Bè Floating Market Cái Bè Floating Market is a symbol as well as a specialty of the Mekong Delta. This market is not only in Tiền Giang, but it’s at the T-junction of Tiền Giang, Vĩnh Long and Bến Tre Provinces. It opens from early in the morning to at night, so you can pay it a visit anytime you wish. There is more than one exciting and distinctive feature about Cái Bè Floating Market you should explore. First of all, get on a boat to place yourself into the hustling setting where locals trade a lot of commodities and get more understanding of floating market culture in the Mekong Delta. Another activity is to savor special food and drinks served right on boats. Address: Cái Bè District, Tiền Giang Province Cái Bè Floating Market 3. Thới Sơn Islet Thới Sơn is one of four islets very well-known in the Mekong Delta. With its naturally charming landscape looking like settings for movies about the countryside and lush green plantations, the islet never fails to persuade any visitors. Leisurely rambling in the plantations to see fruits in abundance, you can taste some with tea offered free. It’s great to become a farmer of Thới Sơn Islet as you are taken along narrow canals by rowing boat. This cruise brings you the quiet and lets you get breezes because two sides of the canals are the shadows of water coconut trees and sometimes locals’ humble cottages. Not only do you enjoy those experiences, you can try out honey from local farms and feel Đờn Ca Tài Tử (Vietnamese traditional folk music). Address: Thới Hòa Hamlet, Thới Sơn Commune, Mỹ Tho City, Tiền Giang Province. 4. Đồng Tâm Snake Farm Taken into account as a hot destination to visit in Tiền Giang, Đồng Tâm Snake Farm will stun you so much due to a large number of snake there. Established on the site of ruins from the wartime in 1979, the farm nowadays becomes an irresistible tourist attraction. The farm is home to 50 rare species of snake and herbs planted for traditional medicines. Besides that, snakes are bred for medicinal purposes which are locally provided and exported to other countries. As a result, it also serves as the largest excipient manufacturing center offering treatments and remedies for snakebites in the Mekong Delta. Also, it’s possible to say that Đồng Tâm Snake Farm is like a snake museum where you can find different kinds of snakes. Take a look at small ponds of frogs and bullfrogs which are the food for snakes, and trees with average height full of green snakes, rat snakes, colubrids, pythons, and venomous snakes. If you are scared of snakes, it’s better to walk and look over from a far position. Address: Bình Đức Commune, Châu Thành District, Tiền Giang Province Đồng Tâm Snake Farm 5. Linh Thứu Pagoda (Sắc Tứ Linh Thứu Cổ Tự) Legend has it that King Gia Long in Vietnamese history escaped from his enemies thanks to Linh Thứu Pagoda. Since then, this has been considered as a sacred pagoda where there are plenty of miraculous stories. In terms of architecture, it’s traditionally designed in the Orriental style and bears marks of Vietnamese feudalism, so it looks like an ancient building with its delicate gate. Nowadays, many travel agents choose Linh Thứu Pagoda as a part of their tours because it embraces attractive stories about the history of Vietnam. Hence, this is a way to promote the history of Vietnam to the world. A combination of those stories and a setting of the pagoda’s imposing architecture is definitely ideal to bring travelers meaningful experiences. Address: Xoài Hột Market, Thạnh Phú Commune, Châu Thành District, Tiền Giang Province. 6. Mãn Đình Hồng Flower Garden When it comes to flower gardens, Vietnamese people often recommend you to Đà Lạt – a romantic city full of flowers. However, Đà Lạt is quite far from Ho Chi Minh City – the political cultural economic city of Vietnam, so Mãn Đình Hồng Flower Garden of Tiền Giang is certainly a great destination for those who love flowers but don’t want to take a long journey. The garden covers around 1.1 ha and is full of numerous species of flower. It’s known that the majestic flowery garden should be peered at from above because you can get a panoramic view of the scenery. That’s why lots of youngsters choose this destination for their impressive photos. Address: Trần Thị Điểu Street, Phước Thuận Hamlet, Phước Thịnh Commune, Tiền Giang Province. 7. Tiền Giang Cathedral Among the renowned hotspots of Tiền Giang is Tiền Giang Cathedral. This is the third cathedral followed by the first one erected by one Saint Francis Xavier in 1866. The structure was constructed at Bourdais Boulevard (now renamed Hùng Vương Boulevard) by Vicar Régnier in 1906. Designed in the Greek – Roman style of the Renaissance, this place looks mighty and splendid at first sight; it’s possible to state that you feel hard to find any same stunning structure in Vietnam. Address: Hùng Vương Street, Ward 7, Mỹ Tho City, Tiền Giang Province. 8. Tân Thành Beach Not only is Tiền Giang blessed with cathedrals, markets, islets, flower gardens, but it’s the home of unspoiled beaches, one of which is Tân Thành in Gò Công Đông District. Because Tân Thành is an untouched beach, it’s not for swimming. Instead, you can walk on back sand along the beach and witness the marvelous scene of sunset or sunrise. In addition to moments of unwinding at the beach, you take a chance to savor delicious seafood at reasonable prices, such as grilled oysters, steamed clams with lemongrass, steamed crabs, and grilled shrimps. Not too far from Ho Chi Minh City, it’s sure that Tân Thành Beach is absolutely ideal to have a day to experience if you don’t have too much time. Address: Gò Công Đông District, 50km from Mỹ Tho City, Tiền Giang Province 9. Trúc Lâm Chánh Giác Pagoda Erected in 2012, Trúc Lâm Chánh Giác Pagoda has attracted more and more visitors because of its eye-catching design. Inside the pagoda are many areas specializing in different affairs, such as central chamber, library, auditorium, gallery, the guests’ residence, meditation center, and belfry. Having an area of 63,000 m2, the pagoda is known as the biggest one in the Mekong Delta. Trúc Lâm Chánh Giác is also nestled by a lush green garden, so the ambience looks peaceful and cozy. Its space and architecture will overwhelm any visitor, and the exploration inside is surely a memorable experience for them. Address: Hamlet 1, Thạnh Tân Commune, Tân Phước District, Tiền Giang Province. 10. Cái Bè Fruit Plantation Along the river Tiền to the north from Cái Bè Floating Market is Cái Bè Fruit Plantation. What could be more fantastic than a visit to the plantation full of fruits and cool breezes? Because of its favorable location, the place should be a part of your excursion to discover the Mekong Delta if you prefer something of rural water areas. One great thing about Cái Bè Fruit Plantation is that it’s labeled as the Mekong Delta’s largest provider of fruits for different regions throughout Vietnam. A diversity of fruit consists of rambutans, longans, coconuts, mangosteens, star apples, grapefruits, rose apples, and durians. Pay a visit to the plantation and you will get an opportunity to buy those kinds of fruit at reasonable prices. Address: Cái Bè District, Tiền Giang Province While there are many amazing things to uncover in Vietnam, the Mekong Delta is alway one of the top priorities because of its ideal location, next to Ho Chi Minh City. Tiền Giang is especially the nearest province in there, and plus full of activities to experience and try out. The hints about 10 destinations to visit in Tiền Giang showcase the above statement. Just take time to enjoy! Posted By: Lam NG Previous Post Top 8 Places to Visit in Bạc Liêu Next Post Top 10 Must-visit Tourist Attractions in Cần Thơ x You can pay for your booking now securely with PayPal ® by using your credit card or Paypal account. Pay for the purpose of Amount $ .00 Close x x Chat with us , powered by LiveChat